happy Friday everybody and welcome to
the W show we have a fantastic show
lined up for you guys this week because
both den and Luke are in
uncharacteristically good moods
yeah and they D just trying to fly away
apparently they're in good mood so
rarely they don't know how to express it
so they're just
awkward
yeah I don't know what this emotion is
I'm scared
on the show we'll be talking about the
video that we did on me taking the A+
exam and the fact that it is down we
will also be live verifying whether my
certificate is still active or not if
it's not we have to like burn it or
something I guess so I I think that's
how it works yeah uh we'll also be
talking about my experience so far with
the iPhone 16 plus which I have a lot of
notes about oh like lot oh what else we
got this week Luke uh the WordPress Feud
is kind of bad news for like a bunch of
the internet uh and also a bunch of M1
Maxs are breaking really I guess Apple
wants you to finally upgrade oh huh
that's one way to do it
[Music]
the show is brought to you today by
super micro MSI Ridge and of course our
chair partner secret lab our laptop
partner LG and our rap partner
dbrand it's a lot Partners they wrapped
our table we have so many partners we're
like an open relationship chel look like
that one in Seattle but not quite we got
a long way to go there's a thing in
Seattle oh have you heard of that that
Dan why does Dan know about this Dan
where did you come from again everybody
knows about it we're all we're all in it
uh there's like a massive pole in
Seattle or something like that and
there's so many jokes there it's like
30,000 40,000 people how big is it I
actually don't know what the real number
W okay well why don't we talk about tech
for a little bit shall
we I originally planned to do only one
video on the iPhone 16 oh you're doing
more well I'm going to I'm going to talk
about it I'm going to talk about it a
little bit iPhone Wars the original plan
was one video I was going to wait I was
going to use it for like a month wait
for iOS 18.1 to come out which is going
to have the new Apple intelligence
features so that I could do one video
reviewing the complete iPhone 16
experience except here's a small problem
okay this is my document of notes so
far
whoa that's more than a video if those
are good like you know some times a
whole section of notes comes down into
like a line but if if those are you know
not very compressible that's multiple
videos this is one of the buggiest
device experiences that I have had in
recent memory W and I shouldn't say it's
not just the bugginess either so and
you're 100% sure it's bugginess it's not
unfamiliarity I'll tell you what I'm
about to send a file to Dan that is
probably going to blow your mind I you
you're sending this file through teams
is this teams no what do you mean I'm
sending this file through teams no no no
no it's a screen recording team or no
sorry it's a it's a camera clip it's
it's a clip I recorded okay yeah yeah
yeah I'm just I'm just sending a file to
to den he's going to play it for the
show but are you doing it through teams
what yeah okay it doesn't matter okay
the sending is not the issue no no it's
just a file okay I miss yeah yeah yeah
yeah no no no no no no oh dude no I know
teams is a steaming pile of fun um I
really like by the way if anyone from
Microsoft is watching
um I genuinely feel like I could be
helpful if you wanted to improve teams I
have some very easily actionable
extremely massively improving feedback
that I could give you and look how good
his hair is today yeah you got to take
somebody seriously when they have hair
this good that's a that's probably a
Microsoft thing yeah they probably care
yeah they they care a lot hear me out I
can help you that's why they got rid of
Balmer that's why they had all those
problems more like Baldur um
uh L you can't attack people for like
male pattern baldness that's like half
of our audience is oh yeah can you not
it's fine I thought I was going to be
bald my whole life cuz my dad was bald
and I didn't know that's not how that
worked yeah I thought I was too because
I was told it's the the men on your
mother's side and my grandfather went
bald in high school oh yeah see my
grandpa had hair the whole time from a
very young age I was like well that was
part of the reason that I would dyee my
hair like wacky colors and school I was
like while I got enjoy it while you have
it I just never cared I thought my dad
was cool he was bald so I was like
whatever I'll just be bald okay Dan do
you have that file ready for us yep okay
uh can he hear audio is that something
that we can just do smoothly now or is
that is that still hit or miss No it
should be should be good to go let's do
it okay play the clip okay well if you
want I've always wanted to say play the
clip play the clip all right let's see
uh let's see if I mess this up uh fade
okay yeah
I take it this is not
intentional wait is it playing like four
songs at once or
something 416 out of
334 oh my and that's not that's not a
problem with your car that's not as I've
never had a problem with Android auto in
my car like that all right um so it's so
there's so many layers of problems here
that's not the song that was on the
display okay it was playing at what
sounded like at least double the speed
yeah yeah yeah yeah and the counter was
obviously broken now fixing it was as
simple as turning it off and turning it
back on okay right but the issue is that
I've had a number of those types of
problems here's another fun one uh I was
I haven't daily driven an iOS device in
a long time and back when I used to
iPhone I used to game on my phone from
time to time and one of the games that I
liked as just like a pass the time
toilet game was jetpack joy ride and as
I was going through and Ticking all of
the boxes that uh for all the apps that
I used to have and just kind of you know
Mass dumping apps onto the phone because
when I did the uh migration wizard it
prompted me for if I wanted to migrate
my apps and the migration wizard wizard
is specifically an Android
app so it asks me do you want to migrate
your apps and I'm like sure that sounds
convenient so it'll just like grab
Twitter and no it just it didn't install
any of them absolutely none absolutely
zero um so anyway I was manually
installing my apps and like a
caveman I fired up jetpack joy ride and
I was like okay let's uh let's play this
game and I was sitting on the floor next
to the cats and I was like to do yeah I
am I don't know firing bullets to fire
my Jetpack or whatever and I put it down
like this and it auto rotated to the
other side and then I went oh shoot I
should have gotten a video of that
because it wouldn't come
back uh okay well that's apparently
resolved
now the developers over at Apple are
working fast they're they're getting it
done but and I don't think I've gotten
any updates so that I'm just trolling oh
you know what I bet it was no I bet I I
bet I know how to rep it now hold on
give me a sec give me a sec I think I
can probably replicate it here we
go okay so I'm resuming I'm putting it
down it's going to flip the other way
blah blah blah blah blah blah I bring it
back yeah it's upside down yeah why is
it upside down Luke it's a really cool
level in Jetpack Joy Ride where you have
to you have to
oh
well oh I don't know that seems weird
you'd think it would rotate yeah yeah
you think rotation lock isn't on so
rotation lock is on oh but it will only
lock one exactly one way that just
sounds like an apple thing I don't think
that's a bug no it's it's an well it's
an apple thing in that it is Apple
obstinately refusing to implement a
landscape lock on iOS so iOS only has a
portrait lock portrait orientation lock
iPad OS and actually iOS on the iPad
both support landscape orientation lock
but iOS does not so if you have your
display locked and an app forces
landscape mode you can only hold it one
exactly one wait I was going to say I'm
steal this from someone in full plan
chat named a unique username but I
you're just holding it wrong um classic
apple problem the thing is that I'm not
because the camera bump is here and if I
hold it like this that blows whereas if
I hold it like this
it's a lot better hold on can I hold it
for a sec yeah absolutely I
wonder you know you don't have to ask
permission right
sorry
okay and this whole this whole
orientation lock I think I disagree
really H finger connects there if I go
like this nothing touches the
camera uh this is more comfortable you
have much larger hands than me which to
be clear is fine if Some people prefer
this way and some people prefer this way
that's totally
cool unless your name is Apple in which
case that is not totally cool not
allowed um and so the so we used iPhones
as teleprompters volume buttons are up
uh we use tele we use iPhones as
teleprompters and so the inability to
lock them in landscape and leave them
has resulted in us needing to do this
really obnoxious um onset maneuver
that we call the dip so every time the
iPhone every time one of the camera
operators you know let's go the camera
to you know do something with their
hands or whatever and picks it back up
it'll it'll have gone back to to
Portrait orientation or whatever and
I'll have to be like do the dip and they
have to go like this with the whole
camera rig and then lift it back up in
order to reorient the teleprompter
because you cannot lock it in landscape
mode and so even apps that do Force the
iPhone to go to landscape mode will
leave it locked in the the wrong
orientation potentially because it
doesn't properly have a landscape
orientation lck and dude there have
been so many things like that there's a
lot of stuff that's really good in fact
I would say probably a solid 60 to 70%
of this is really good stuff their
background playback is so cool so check
this out I'm going to I'm going to load
something up on my Plex um okay so check
this out we're going to go we're going
to go oh and the speakers are great
speakers are freaking amazing okay okay
that was another thing did you see how I
swiped it up and it went up into the
dynamic Island sure okay this time it
goes to picture and picture I I can't
find the pattern here that's probably
how much you're yeah I thought that um
and then I swiped it really fast and it
like totally didn't go up into the
island huh so I don't know I I haven't
looked it up I will I will figure that
out before I cannot get YouTube to go
picture and picture no matter what I do
uh but Plex sometimes goes on the island
sometimes goes picture and picture but
when it is working check this out check
this out background playback watch this
boom tucked it over there background
playback still going there's a little
arrow boom bring it back out like that
so cool that's neat that's nice if
you're into background playback um
that's a really cool sort of extra
background that you can that you can
push your back to and you know what I'm
sure there's variants of Android that do
support stuff like that um but this was
my first experience with it and I loved
it
oh I have a whole paragraph on this do
you see what's going on on the phone
right
now yeah camera's open okay this this
camera button is probably the
greatest difference between how good an
idea seems on paper and how bad it is in
practice that I have ever
seen in theory it's great I want to use
my camera I'm like boom camera button
let's go I'm taking pictures boom boom
I'm taking pictures with this button
let's go you can also click it a little
bit and you can like adjust stuff and
it's it's super cool you can zoom you
can zoom let's go let's
zoom in practice the ratio of times I
hit it on purpose to times I hit it by
accident is about 1 to
five cuz every time I hold the bloody
phone where else am I supposed to hold
it it's got the volume buttons over here
the action button over here it's got the
lock button over here it's got the
camera button where the hell am I
supposed to hold this phone and not have
it start changing my volume or locking
itself for freaking opening the camera
it's driving me absolutely crazy yes I
know I'm holding it wrong ghost of jobs
I don't
care if I'm going to complain about a
Bixby button I'm going to complain about
a camera button it's that simple um my
phone has a camera button I don't have
issues with it well how nice for you Dan
how nice for
you animations make iOS feel freaking
slow
sometimes like just every single time
you unlock your phone you need to wait
around for that oh and the fact that you
have to the fact that you have to
interact with the screen to unlock the
phone drives me crazy can you do it
again sorry can I see it again
oh well first I have to buy oh my God
sorry okay so first you biometrically
authenticate I am unlocked right now
okay but I have to interact with it
again I have to wait around for that
animation cuz mine has an animation too
but it's a lot faster yeah yeah and you
don't have to touch your screen in order
to get rid of the the lock screen so for
those of you who are iOS users you can
just touch your touch sensor or face
your phone and you are just at the
desktop you don't have
to swipe at it um yeah oh man what else
you can turn off the animations in
accessibility why does Apple hide so
actually I have a whole paragraph on
that or Dan good why does Apple hide all
the coolest features under accessibility
they have this uh they have this new
display Tech that allows them to go all
the way down to one knit and apparently
we haven't actually tested whether it
can do one knit or not but uh what I can
tell you is it gets really dim at night
as long as you go into the accessibility
menu and enable whatever this is called
um whatever this little Sun thing here
in the control center like why
especially if you're going to have the
feature in your
keynote why why is it hidden in
accessibility it's like when for so long
they hid a mouse support on the iPad
accessibility maybe it's a bid to try to
normalize accessibility
options I think that seems like a maybe
Apple thing that I I I don't think so
I'm going to I'm going to go with
no I have considered uh no yeah I have
no idea um Android locks them in
developer mode
yeah but I feel like it has less of them
to lock if you know what I mean um I'm
going to I'm going to add a note here um
check the animation speed thing see if
it can be improved um the thing that I'm
pretty sure can't is I'm pretty sure you
have to physically interact with the
device in order to unlock it and that's
the thing that slows me down the most
because I pretty
much like I I I pretty much need a
second hand in order to in order to here
hold
on I pretty much need a second hand in
order to get all the way to the bottom
especially on the plus and if you can't
get all the way to the bottom you can't
just swipe here cuz that'll just pull up
your notifications and you can't just go
again it doesn't it does you have to get
all the way down to the bottom in order
to unlock it another thing that drives
me absolutely crazy is the scrolling
speed is locked it's gated so when I'm
just like scrolling through a news feed
or something like here I bet I bet have
you tried to daily drive an iPhone like
ever okay so just scroll through a
Newsfeed and see how that feels for you
just like like your open eBay oh and I
don't know how to go back on iPhone oh
man I got a I got like two paragraphs on
that I already I got stuck in literally
less than a
second dude that's a user error to be
clear but dude I've got I've got two
paragraphs on back because how do you go
back well there's I didn't see a back
there's a gesture there's a back gesture
where you swipe from the left oh it's
from the other so when you're when
you're like in a in a you know browser
window or whatever else you just go for
okay well I'm not uh oh right I'm not
using Chrome I'm using Safari I'm trying
to have the Apple experience okay so I'm
on LTT store uh if I want to go back I
go like that yeah and if I want to go
between tabs I go like that it's
actually yeah that's kind of cool um and
I have a whole two paragraphs on the
convenience of the back
gesture when it
works because there's still so many apps
that use the old iOS Paradigm of back is
up in in the top left which is for a
right-handed user the single worst
possible place to have the back button
iOS whether Apple users know it or not
iOS needs a proper Universal back
something and so I've started
documenting all the times I've
encountered when back gesture doesn't go
back I wonder if do you think you could
I I think you should try to pour through
the accessibility options because I
wonder if you can switch which side it
goes back I will but it doesn't matter
because it just isn't I'm just thinking
cuz like needing to swipe from the left
hand side sounds less convenient to oh
yeah it's possible that there's an
accessibility option for that I'm I I'm
not done this is just this is raw notes
and this is what I would take into
sitting down top review and then I would
I would go and I would figure out if
they're if they're valid or not like I
specifically have stuff in here that I'm
like
um check check into this uh follow this
up um anyway so
here is a news feed so flip like you're
like trying to get past ads and stuff
that's too slow
it's way too slow it it feels like you
oh
interesting if I if I like pre reload
some things by scrolling a bunch and
then scroll all the way back up uh I can
get it to go quick but only for like a
little little bit like if you go all the
way to the top and then try to crank
it'll go it's still not the speed but it
feels artificially slowed down what it
isn't is the speed that I'm moving my
finger yeah whereas an Android phone for
the most part will scroll as fast as you
flick it I did one flick with my thumb
and I got all the way through the whole
news real down to where it had to load
more and one
just which feels way more natural than I
am I am quickly coming back to my old
conclusion that iOS is best enjoyed by
people who aren't as busy as I
am because pretty much everything takes
a little bit longer on iOS pretty much
everything I do in spite of how slow the
note 9 is when I'm not gated by the S so
so installing an app for instance is
much faster on the I phone compared to a
5-year-old phone or however old that
stupid thing is sure um but in terms of
just the
interface you know you can't resize the
keyboard why can you install third party
keyboards yes okay and even swift key I
can't resize Oh weird okay and I can't I
can't long press for special characters
I'm one of the few people remaining on
the planet who cares about punctuation
and I like actually just literally can't
on this thing like yeah I can navigate
is that actually not a thing there's no
yeah no I can navigate to a submenu of
special characters and then what about
second submenu of special characters and
I can I've noticed that that drives me
actually insane I hate this second I
hate the second
menu oh my God people are saying you
can where you can resize the key it's
probably in accessibility
options just long press on the key yeah
people are saying long press works for
them and you can resize the keyboard
these are in Linus's defense these are
notes they're not done okay hold on hold
on hold on no no I'm going to switch I'm
going to switch my keyboard I'm going to
switch my keyboard right now you guys
are going to show
me what are you guys talking
about are you talking about like accents
like an accent what he means that's not
what he means that is super duper not
what I'm talking about to hold press
what is it four and then you get
asterisk or whatever like he wants that
that type of stuff hold the bottom left
Emoji oh my God it is
amazing how
like some people are saying
accessibility how much better um iOS
could
be
um and isn't okay I'm going to go I'm
going into accessibility we're headed
into the accessibility menu because
that's apparently where all the good
things on the iPhone are
okay here we go side button camera
control camera control yeah you can just
disable that so that might be what I end
up needing to do um hearing devices
subtitles and captioning speech ex
keyboard and typing here we go here we
go here we go okay hover typing key
repeat show lowercase
Keys slow Keys sticky keys it was saying
long press the globe I thought that was
a joke but long press the globe okay
hold on hold on hold on hack the world
hack the world hack the planet long
press the globe okay here we go here we
go long press the
globe okay keyboard settings here we go
here we go here we go okay uh long press
the globe was apparently a real
sentence I I literally thought they were
just trolling everything's so OB
fiscated okay so I have a one I have a
one-handed keyboard here I have show
math
results
um period shortcut slide to type delete
SL to type by word enable dictation Auto
punctuation I don't know what you guys
are talking about so the bottom options
to scoot it to the left or right why
would I want to do that I don't think
that's what he means by resize oh my God
you can resize it as long as you resize
it exactly the way that Apple wants you
to resize it you guys don't see this is
the funny thing is it's just like the T9
dialing thing where talking to iOS users
is a little hard
they it almost feels like we're speaking
a completely different language when I
say resize a keyboard I mean move it
wherever the you want and make it
any size you
want um that is not resizing a keyboard
well I mean it is but but not in the way
that you
meant it's not a stupid feature no it's
cool cuz it by shoving it to one side
especially if you have smaller hands you
can you can reach all the keys
significant really more easily and by
being able to put it to either side that
means that it can work that way for uh
people that are left or right-handed uh
especially say if you only have one hand
um but what he's talking about is is
completely different pug boy asks but
how many people really do these things
often nobody nobody does them often you
do them one time so that your phone
works really well for you I'm pretty
sure I set up my keyboard like close to
a decade ago and just every time I've
migrated Android it just comes with me
yeah like I don't know I don't remember
last time I did anything with the
keyboard but I spent quite a while like
grinding on keyboard settings like
forever ago found a thing that I like
and now I can like go fast and
everything seems good oh man this is
like such a this is a take that just
drives me crazy cin says yes it's a
device not for someone like you that's
the point I hope they don't make it like
you want that would be an
Android no what it would just be a
better iPhone and and then if you never
wanted to turn any of that stuff on you
could just not just yeah just buried
under settings additional settings are
like basically never bad as long as
they're dumped in menus so dump deeper
in menus so when I say long press guys
you want them in front of the users here
let me let me explain what I mean um
long pressing for special characters oh
my God you're not going to be able to
see this well that's it's quite a
flashbang you have there yeah I know
right so basically what happens is every
one of my characters
every one of my Alpha Characters has a
secondary character on it so Q is
percent W is um the little hat I always
forget what that thing's called uh I've
got my parenthesis over on the right
over here I've got my at on the a uh so
all I have to do is long press for 200
milliseconds and I can type that special
character and like I dialed that in so
mine is shorter than 200 milliseconds so
if you type really quickly on your phone
then it's super useful to be able to say
hey if I hold it ever so slightly longer
I get a special character instead of
interacting one two three times in order
to type a special character um assuming
that it's two menus deep which it
sometimes very well can be and when I
say resize your keyboard um what I mean
is here let me get into the uh let me
get into the settings for this this
you'll be able to see from there
and I hate actually editing this because
uh like once I get kind of dialed into
it I'm yeah pretty fast uh when I say
resize your keyboard I mean like like
that or like that or like that or like
however you want basically I I mean
actually resize your keyboard oh reset
there we go um I don't mean give me a
couple options if I like to type
one-handed
um yeah yeah four presses including
getting back to letters yes you're
right
so yeah guys um how many times do you
change its size that's the whole point
you change it one time um and if you
change phones for example if you were to
go from a regular iPhone to an iPhone
plus you might be really used to using a
smaller keyboard and it may be
beneficial for you a to be able to type
more accurately to just set it to a
smaller size and B to get back more of
your screen space that's one of the
things that blows me away about the
iPhone 2 is how how UND the interface is
there is no way to change the home
screen layout to be a by five tile grid
you can't do it it's just by4 it's like
okay but I I don't I don't like that I
like to see more things on my screen
it's like nope nope you can't at least
you can have blank spaces now at least
you can have at least you can have blank
spaces now we moving forward
um apparently you can touch the one two
three button and then slide into the
normal keyboard area to get special
characters okay let's try that the one
two three button and then slide yes you
can so that gives you a relatively
limited number of special characters
because it uses up a whole row with
numbers but it does give you the main
ones it's slower but it's less slower
thank you that's helpful yes that's very
that's very helpful to know pretty neat
um I was so disappointed though to
discover that uh and yes that works on
swift key as well because that is the
Apple implementation I was so
disappointed to discover that my third
party keyboard didn't operate the way
that I would want it to because to me
that's kind of the point of a third
party like if the apple one is super
locked down I don't really mind that too
much as long as you know you could
install another
one so anyway there's been a lot of
things that have just been a little
slower and a little frustrating but
there's been a lot of things that are
really good and I realize I've been
really focused on the frustrating things
um the easy access to the dictation
button is amazing uh regardless of what
keyboard you're using you don't have to
like long press anything it's completely
separate from the keyboard it's just
down on the bottom and it just works
like immediately and part of my problem
with dictation on this thing is that
it's like old and buggy and just kind of
a piece of crap but that doesn't change
the fact that I have absolutely
appreciated that I also love the better
integration with third party calling
apps on Android like teams when you're
on Android auto for example the
interface is terrible I don't actually
think there's a way to hang up a
WhatsApp call with my Android phone and
my car when I when when I'm when I'm
using Android auto like if I want to
hang up the call I either have to tell
the other person to do it or I have to
like do it on my phone which you're not
supposed to do uh whereas on iOS and
with carplay the interface other than
just saying this is a teams call this is
a WhatsApp call it looks exactly the
same as a regular phone call which is
something that I really appreciate it's
a big deal um car kakaro says oh yeah
does it callon yes it does hey that's a
big Improvement so that's something
that's pretty big it won't call almost
anyone else um I haven't figured out a
fast way to sync my Google contacts with
it just yet oh well that's not it so
what's funny is my address book is like
uh it's like a a Time capsule from back
when I daed an iPhone so I was like who
are all these who are all these people
cuz I've since purged my address book
multiple times um so that's been kind of
fun it would be kind of neat actually if
there would be a way to be like I
haven't contacted this person like show
me all the contacts that I haven't
contacted in over a decade so and then a
purge all but so I haven't okay I
haven't figured out the contact sync
thing because it hasn't been a priority
I'm not saying you can't do it um but
what happened is they appear to have
moved it so your accounts menu used to
be in the settings menu as one of the
like top level things so you could stop
it so accounts if I recall correctly and
I I I might be gaslighting myself but I
feel like accounts used to be here and
so you had all of your like third party
accounts and stuff now it's not there um
and I think the way to sing it is to use
like the um apparently go under the mail
section to find accounts yeah that's
what I was about to say I think the way
to sync it is to use the Apple Mail app
which I don't use I use the Gmail app so
I have a whole paragraph on this as well
where I was like if I use Gmail and I
had no intention of using the Apple Mail
account because of the way they've
changed that interface let me know on
this by the way guys did it did it used
to
did it used to be there like I imagine
it used to because I could have sworn it
was just in the top level of the
settings menu there was just an accounts
thing Sam Phoenix is saying lonus has
gaslighted himself it has always been
that way it's always been that no Frey
says yes it used to be in the main
settings yes fight yes there used to be
in accounts so as someone who hasn't
touched iOS in a while I was able to
kind of figure out okay maybe that's it
but there is no other obvious place to
sign into your Gmail account unless you
use the Apple Mail app which was not
particularly intuitive to me sorry one
sec yeah uh kin Dej in full plane chat
said I wrote an automation that texts
every contact I have uh have a great
weekend and then I delete every contact
that replies who
this that's actually pretty funny sorry
how often do you do that
uh apparently it's you go to oh my God
this is terrible you go to settings
apps and then
mail and
then uh mail accounts once per year
apparently that's how you that's how you
add a systemwide account there you go
that's where they've moved it isn't that
pretty similar to Android
no no it isn't
uh apparently it's not mail go to okay
oh oh well this is so much better okay
so if you want to if you want to sync
your your contacts Luke don't go to your
phone thing not here not here don't edit
here don't look for settings oh uh how
visible was my screen
there not particularly I can check uh so
if I just go to contacts here there's no
way to do it in here because the apple
way is that you go into the settings
menu which of course you can't access
from the control center not even by
customizing it the fact that they still
don't offer you the
option to have one of the controls be
the settings menu is mindboggling set
contacts accounts people are saying yes
no no I know okay so you still can't go
to settings here from the control center
you can't make one of you can make these
things pretty much anything you can
imagine Under the Sun whoops I keep out
of control except settings look at all
the options I have here but one of them
cannot be open the settings menu you
must access the settings through the
home screen and through the settings Cog
so then you go apps
contacts and then contact accounts wait
but it would work in mail too wouldn't
it it should work in basically anyone
because that should be that should be an
OS wide signin it's the exact same
interface it used to
be oh my God what just happened hold on
a second yeah add account yeah this is
the exact same interface that it used to
be it's just that it used to be really
easy to
find You're Expecting iOS to work like
Android no I'm not I'm expecting iOS to
work like iOS used to
work so that's not really that
unreasonable actually um
no add a shortcut to control center for
settings it's not there though
guys use the open app widget I don't
know what that is
Jesus just passing on information use
the open app widget okay I'm assuming
there's a there's a widget that opens
any app on your phone and then you set
that widget to um settings I'm assuming
that's how it works here we go no no I'm
going to find it I'm going to find it is
it an accessibility shortcut
maybe motor accessibility access you a
widget I'm working on it I'm working on
it translate voice memo screen mirroring
capture I'm sure I'm sure it's in here
somewhere orientation
lock here I'm tired of you guys calling
oh here we go here we go here we go here
we go okay so if you want to open the
settings menu in the control center you
go
down to shortcuts open
app and you can open the settings app
you can't be mad at them for having too
many options after being mad at them for
not having enough options there we go
well I didn't I didn't say it's too many
options settings is not an app to me but
maybe that's maybe that's me doing
Android ISM I don't know I don't think
so because settings isn't an app on a
Mac okay it just isn't it's on a Mac
though I know but I'm just saying you
can't you can't you can't Point At You
know a platform that literally didn't
exist when settings was not an app on
the Mac and go oh well that's an Android
invention that settings is an app or
what whatever like it's like it's not
like Android invented the idea that
settings is not an app sure I I don't
mind that too much um settings was an
app prior to Mac OS
10 was it really someone in I I could
have sworn there were settings you could
change system preferences
app an
okay settings is an app on the Mac that
is that is wild dude it is still an app
Apparently that is wild system settings
has an icon on Launchpad it is an app I
disagree settings is an app on
Windows is
it is it control panel is kind of can
you open it from run but it's more of a
folder I'd say it's what is control
panel
help me out I don't know the windows
okay so Windows okay hold on hold
on oh man see settings in an app is
tough cuz
like here let's uh here let's let's
screen let's screen share for a second
here I'm just going to make sure this is
muted okay okay so Linus laptop okay so
this is
settings but I wouldn't say that this is
an app
you know what I
mean is that settings though well I can
change settings but if I click
this that's an app is this an
app yeah I so I think so okay all right
settings isn't settings is an app then
CU it's just
application yeah okay so is so
everything's an application then close
to
it let's see let's see if I can think of
something that's not an application
there's things that aren't an
application that you control through an
application
sure would you consider Explorer an
application uh yeah you can end the task
yes but you actually you actually can't
because it'll automatically relaunch
because there's so many dependencies on
Explorer you can still end it though
okay this is true I mean okay so by that
logic then yeah basically any process is
an app then pretty much but is it though
is any process an app Luke I don't know
I don't know either uh I don't actually
think so because like I don't think like
the like the yeah the service hosts and
stuff I don't know if I would consider
those an app an
application you can replace Explorer
with another shell yeah okay
okay settings on phone isn't an app what
do you mean settings on phone isn't an
app yeah I don't think being able to end
the task means it's an app
technically is there a definition for
this
I think if you look up the definition of
app you're just going to find a lot of
people arguing about app versus
application and it'll be like 10 years
15 years old when people were still mad
about that like I don't I don't think
we're going to find any useful discourse
about this no but I just I want to see
anyways is puffery an app
anyway long story short long story short
I am Services aren't apps yeah I I feel
that way as well but you can end them I
was trying to make my argument on like
you can end the task so that doesn't
work if services darn apps anyways long
story short I have a lot to say about my
experience with the iPhone he has words
I clearly I you got to work with uh like
hor or someone on it though to make sure
that you're not just like missing
something no no that's that's fine no
I'm not I'm not worried about that this
is rough notes yeah yeah yeah
um let's see if I uh man speech detex
yeah oh dude the way it like proactively
hounds you about apps tracking you and
notifications and stuff is actually
amazing because you can 100% configure
all that stuff on Android no problem but
the way that it proactively is like hey
are you sure you want this are you sure
you want
notifications here's the ramifications
of the data this app is collecting are
you sure about
that kind of amazing Wicked always
thought that was very cool yeah
outstanding also uh apple and their
privacy stuff is like obviously correct
I I don't remember I I doubt this is in
the in the doc today but I was skimming
through news articles and I didn't read
enough of it so sorry if this is wrong
um but I think it was like nation state
Hackers from China or something gained
crazy back doors to something
because government agency was like yeah
we need to have these no one else will
get them and Apple has always been like
uh yeah they will um so yeah as we've
said in the past they're definitely
correct about that there there's some
things that are like like definitely
better about the Apple Way um but I also
have an Android phone and there are
definitely things that are absolutely
brain dead stupid about the apple way
and um the fact that we don't
acknowledge this
is uh I I I I just don't even know what
to say like Luke here's a here's an
example so if I want to get into my like
bluetooth settings like I really want to
get into my bluetooth settings so I go
my control center oh angle swipe I go
yeah yeah it's from the corner you can't
do it from the top really yeah well I'm
not I'm used to that at this point okay
I I don't agree with it I think it's
kind of stupid but that's notifications
that's control center isn't it just the
left or right side of the island not the
corner I don't think so I think it's
just left or right side of the island no
really yeah look
notifications
Corner yeah I I'm not I'm not a fan I
just I don't that just seems weird I'm
not a fan I'm used to it
um okay so I open up my Bluetooth I long
press my Bluetooth I can configure it so
Bluetooth is one of the main ones that I
can interact with right away okay so I
go to my bluetooth settings finally up
why did it navigate through the menus
like that why would it do
that like why seems a little weird I
don't know oh man yeah apparently Luke
they're saying Luke is right except I
just showed you guys watched them oh
that time it did it you watched me do it
last time I did I watched you do you
just have to be more over I thought it
was on on this side of the island at all
well I'm on that side of the island and
I just did it I just it brought down the
notification shade so you just have to
you just have to be you just have to be
more over I I think it makes more sense
to be left or right side of the island
not it's it's
75% of this side of the screen and 25%
of the other side of the screen anyways
whatever
I'm assuming that's because they still
want one hand pull down to be able to be
done for either one of them I guess but
I there's no way I could reach I'm
trying to think of the reasoning and
that I think that makes sense there's no
way I could reach notifications from
there
um yeah I mean I also don't think I
would bother because if I wanted to see
notifications I wouldn't even like
unlock it I I would just do that yeah
but what if your what if your phone's
already
open uh
yeah would you like quick lock and then
check that way getting all the way over
there for me though with one hand I'd
have to have like a pop thing or
something which I would I would not
install on my phone I don't I don't
really like the I'm not a fan of them I
like being able to slide it in and out
of my pocket yeah I find it catches on
too many
things
um the swipe was designed like this
before iPhones had Islander notches yeah
but Apple has like a monstrously big and
good development team and I'm sure they
could go
I'm sure wouldn't take that much effort
based on how long T9 dialing took I'm
not actually convinced by the way this
thing is causing way more mic
interference than just about any other
phone we've ever had on set other than
my like clearly broken one yeah that's
been a that's been that's that could be
a bit of a problem I don't think you
guys are hearing it but it's very
annoying for us oh do they not hear that
I don't think so the buzzing oh they
don't write Dan uh it might be processed
out um oh they can hear
it that's very loud then yeah that one
was particularly I think they could hear
mine it was very quiet and sometimes if
no one's talking while it happens then
um then that'll get kind of gated out we
hear it but it's not very loud okay yeah
it's loud for us we're direct monitoring
yeah it's like quite loud for
me crazy anyways time to move on yeah
iPhone done yeah now we talk about how
the second video I'll be using it for a
while oh yeah no I meant for for this
part of the show what are those are you
cheating on your normal
ones what what how could you we're not
allowed to talk what why is everyone so
like interested in talking about
whatever snack I'm having before you got
here they were like talking a bunch
about the new like gummies well you're
cheating on your
regular they're still Welches they're
just juicefuls they're like fruit
gushers they have lady like
the
okay and still
delicious all right anyways uh my
man uh you had another video get taken
down yes how how has it was it a month
ago since the last one I think so so
like none in basically forever and then
two in a month so sharpey viewers have
noticed that our video about compa A+
certification exam is no longer
available on YouTube or float plane
without getting into the exact details
of why it's been removed let's talk
about some of the reasons that it could
be more important than ever to watch our
videos immediately when you see them
without naming any
names there are what a spin dude there
are a lot of ways that um a video's
ability to be on the internet could be
threatened I think I think that our
perceived permanence um or the perceived
permanence of of videos on YouTube or of
of websites on the Internet or pages on
said websites is a lot higher than it
actually is is so some examples of ways
that videos can be taken down um could
be copyright overreach um so you know
whether something is or isn't fair
use that's something that would have to
be challenged in court that's not the
kind of thing that is just oh yeah uh
well it's fair use and then yeah I guess
everything's chill uh until a judge
decides that something is or isn't fair
use it's just a defense it's it's an
argument um and I think that a lot of
what we do could fall pretty easily
under fair use uh for example we will
and maybe recklessly maybe um you know
making an informed you know risk Choice
uh we will we will frequently show like
copyrighted films on displays that we're
reviewing from our point of view we are
not negatively impacting the potential
market for that film by you seeing a
small snippet of it on a display in the
background um we are not using
substantial portion of the work uh have
you ever had a problem with that no I
didn't think so are are well what we
have had problems with is watching
trailers and ads on Wow constantly which
again I would so stupid I would make the
argument is is absolutely fair use uh as
as media we are covering it um it's if
anything going to have a positive impact
on the market for the work um it's
highly transformative in nature given
that we're not just repurposing it we
are we are discussing it um this is not
react content where we're just
like or chair streaming you know like
it's it's it's not it's not that um
and and I would I would say that you
know if we were say for example
providing commentary on you know a a
class let's let's use the word class if
we were providing commentary on a class
and in order to do so needed to get into
of the specifics I would say that we
would probably have a fairly strong fair
use defense but that would have to play
out in court and we would have to have
both the means and the will to take it
to that bitter bloody end um some of the
other reasons that a video could be
taken down uh could be you know just
like corporate corporate butt covering
um and that can often that can often
take the form of like a like a a legal
threat or a letter or a uh you know a
poite request or you know whatever it is
it can come in it can come in various
forms and in those cases there may not
be any solid Legal Foundation for you
know why a request is being made but it
might just be that you know there's
things that maybe you don't want to go
to court yeah that they don't want
people talking about and they don't want
people seeing and um you know they feel
strongly that you know given enough time
and given enough resources they could
find a way to make life unpleasant
enough that it's just not worth the
fight and if you have enough time and
enough resources in regards to lawyers
you can pretty much always find a way
yep and um H I don't know if I want to
get into the example that that I would
have of something like that that
actually happened in the past before a
video was ever posted um I just don't
feel like opening that can of worms
because the rule that I made for myself
about that particular company is that we
just never speak their name again um so
not get into that but another potential
way that a video could go down is not
bribery but just companies paying for
problems to go away I want to make it
very clear about this one that that is
absolutely not the case here for no
amount of money would we take down a
video but um something like this did
happen recently with the emulator rugen
X where as far as we can tell because it
didn't violate Nintendo's intellectual
property in any way it was fully
reversed and engineered Reen X appeared
to be immune to the same take Downs that
took down Yuzu um but what seems to have
happened was the um the project owner
was just offered a bag of money to
quietly delete everything and go away
um our discussion question is it a
problem for Consumer journalism when
companies use copyright protections or
other legal tactics to avoid people
criticizing their methods and the
material they are
presenting we'll let you guys be the
judge we'll let you guys have a little
discussion in the comments in the
meantime what I would like to find out
dude is if I am still A+
certified because this so this is this
is from last time what's on the screen
right now is from last time we need we
need to recheck this is from last week
so here's here's my certification and
we're going to find out very shortly if
I need to burn that or not
yeah hold on hold on no no
no hold on hold
on still active oh I'm kind of
disappointed I don't want to burn
[Laughter]
it uh I don't think it's going to be
active for
long I can I can tell you that with a
fair degree of
confidence um maybe the Flames will
still burn bright I believe it is
extremely important for people to be
able to have transparency into how the
certifications that in some cases could
even impact the hiring practices of you
know national security
agencies um operate I think that that is
uh an incredibly important thing and I
think it is uh a public good that
outweighs any other concerns I have
absolutely no regrets about making the
video that we do that we did and for
anyone who watched it I I hope you
enjoyed it but it is down and it is not
coming back is all I have to say about
that from us yes there's been precedent
set in the past that when this happens
uh people tend to re-upload the things
well there's nothing we can really do
about that they would have already
archived it CU we did not keep any
copies no so even the even the source
video files we do not have them any yeah
yeah
yeah I purged them myself oh did you
really yeah good for you Dan mhm people
autoarchive all our stuff though so no I
command line gone I don't mean
internally oh well people have like Plex
scripts for float plan and stuff yeah
yeah yeah it's pretty wild like a bunch
of people have it it's actually kind of
inconvenient for our server
infrastructure oh yeah we've fixed that
problem we throttled it yeah nice yeah
we did that like a long time ago nice
and people didn't notice for a super
long time because they're all just
running scripts so it was still
downloaded by the time they wanted it
right cuz like it's not throttled that
much um I had to ask AJ to unthrottle
the office yeah what were you doing when
you did that though you downloaded like
a ton of stuff I downloaded every single
exclusive yeah so like
okay at at once multiple
times yeah but that was for work
so I guess you can hit the data yeah
yeah anyway if you were looking for a
way to help us make up for any losses
that we might have incurred for not
being able to keep our video up is it
time you could send a merch message
and we've got something pretty exciting
that you can check out this
week we did it oh my goodness man oh
they're here they're here here look look
at how Happ look how happy Dan is this
is the second time I've smiled look at
that that's crazy o you you've never
seen Dan that happy you never have oh
yeah this has been a long time coming
I'm sorry it took so long but this is
such a great picture he's like look at
this you can't see my belt it makes the
pocket go away it's amazing it's so nice
look the arms
fit this is a medium there's it's a
medium I'm wearing a medium you want see
another happy Dan go down to the last
photo oh
yeah there too many photos too far wait
we have long sleeves as well I'm wearing
one right now and it goes to his
wrist is about this it's a medium
amazing this is never happened I've I've
done the laundry like almost every day
this week because I took home one of
these and ju every day I'd wake up and
be like
oh okay well I want to wear it again so
so yeah I just I have to buy like a ton
of them I guess pretty exciting um so
yeah we have tall blank t-shirts and
long sleeves it's our signature blank
tea uh improved to fit taller lankier
builds customade to provide the comfort
and durability that we want in a tea
available with short or long sleeve oh
wait that's in there twice well whatever
the point is it uses our tried and true
60/40 cotton poly blend that you can
find on most of our printed LTT shirts
we are slowly rolling these out so the
initial inventory is a little limited so
if you want them get them it's to gauge
interest it's only black for now but our
hope is to expand our tall lineup in the
months and years to come also for the
store this week the tech sack is finally
back in
stock the five star reviewed Tech sack
let's go go check out people's reviews
great is a diabetic sack apparently oh
that makes sense so that's never thought
about that good to know the greatest
sack so many pockets I use it as a
toiletries bag me too I it when I no not
I hold on I was reading a review oh
where'd it go I use it as a toiletries
bag for travel
um thank you Luke thank you for that
anyway the point is check it out tchack
finally back in
stock uh what else is that I think that
I think that's pretty much it for the
store so merch messages if you want to
leave a merch message all you got to do
is go to LTT store add something to your
cart and in the cart whenever we're live
and accepting merch messages there will
be a box for Merch messages you fill out
your merch message you place your order
and it'll go to producer Dan who will
pop it up down there so you can shout
out your mom or your girlfriend just
getting there and H watching so you can
shout out your dad or your boyfriend
um okay we we actually we actually do
have women who watch the show it's
remarkable to me but they they they not
very many send merch messages they're
real and I see them I see you thank you
um anyway it'll go to Dan who will pop
it down here or who will forward it to
someone who can answer your question or
who will answer it himself or who will
send it to me and Luke as a curated
merch message and we're going to show
you how that works sure I've got a
couple here how do you guys handle
healthy workplace environments in a
heavily Mal dominated industry I'm in
school for Cs and work in construction
as my day job and it can be hard as a
woman being disregarded Oh you mean like
socially healthy work how topic how
topical exactly
um I mean ask questions yeah
it's not always that's I mean that's
that's not always a guarantee you can
ask someone does this work for you are
you comfortable with this and they might
say yes they might feel pressured into
saying yes in the scenario if you are
like a their boss or something like that
that's a that's a you got to be careful
with that line um I mean one one of the
things that I like to do is I will
explicitly say if not that's fine we'll
do this instead so that there's a clear
out give the give the other option I
have to confess sometimes I'm in a hurry
and I forget to like do every step um
yeah I don't I don't know I mean I would
say I would say that it's not for any
it's never for any lack of
intent sorry it's never for a lack of
intent to make the
environment like good but I mean this is
yeah this is this is a great Point
poison say seems weird to ask men how
they manage like making things better
for women in a male dominated industry I
don't know all I can really do is ask
questions because a lot of the time I
just don't fully understand the
challenges and I and I can't unless you
tell me and even if one person tells me
doesn't mean that that's going to apply
to another person you can't you can't
really like this is why this is why the
entire concept of you know sexism or
racism is just so stupid right
because trying to bundle individuals
into any kind of bucket is just a
complete waste of time making
assumptions you will always be making
assumptions and so um I I know one of
the the main things I've heard is the
whole like people react differently to
the same thing uh depending on if it's
coming from like a man or a woman so
like if you try to be assertive as a man
people see it as like oh yeah good good
personality trait you try to be
assertive as a woman and people see you
as uh I don't know if I can say this
word or not um
probably I don't know
um um so I think just try to be careful
to not treat the one who's always canel
no I'm saying that's oh my goodness I'm
not saying that's a thing um I'm saying
that's a that's a line of complaint that
I have heard uh people in that sphere
discuss being a problem at their
workplaces so try to you know just treat
people the same so if if someone's being
assertive treat that person the same
that you would treat anyone else being
assertive we have someone uh um to make
this harder to identify I'm going to say
we at some point had someone a woman in
like a supervisory SL managerial
basically Who had subordinates who
reported to her um
and and I remember having
to
explicitly multiple times make it clear
that my expectation was for
forthrightness and push
back like to me um and that like like
that was good and anything else was not
good because it's it's possible that's
another thing it's everyone comes into
every single conversation ever with
their own custom baggage um so that
person may have gotten a lot of push
back for that type of thing in the past
so you have to try to make sure that
they understand that that's like
something that youa I'm not saying it's
a bad thing that that I had to say it I
well it is it's a bad thing that this
individual had experiences in the past
that led to that not being something
that they could assume is their is their
right in the workplace to to give their
opinion in a in a in a in a I wouldn't
say like not forceful but in like a I
don't know in in a in a confident manner
in a in a in a assertive yeah assertive
manner because that's totally fine and
that should be totally fine um and you
can you can say something assertively
but still be open to feedback on it if
that makes sense yeah of course you can
confidently hold a position and say it
assertively yeah and look I mean
something Ivon tells me all the time is
that like I I I tend to overpower the
conversation sometimes whether it's
intentional or Not by just being
confident in my position being kind of
loud uh being kind of energetic and and
um and and kind of bombastic in my body
language and bombastic and and so she'll
say like look whether you're intending
to or not you can kind of make it hard
to talk to you sometimes and so you know
in those in those situations it's
something that I have to be like
actively aware of and go like okay this
is a this is a modern thing for lonus
I've seen him do it here's my here's my
take and this is why I think we should
do
it but um you guys go I'm not married to
it yeah
and he'll do that he'll sit
back cuz he's like physically removing
himself from the conversation because if
he doesn't he can't help
himself am I
[Laughter]
wrong yeah it is what it is well the
thing is that a lot of the time the
answer is obvious to me which is a
blessing because I can come to the
answer really quickly but also a curse
because I can be wrong like anybody yeah
um and you also kind of need everybody
to get there um and you know in some
scenarios someone might get there before
you do and other scenarios uh you might
get there before them and you need
everybody to get to at least a similar
spot you might not get 100% agreement
across the whole board but you need
everybody to be you need buying yeah
buying is a word that matters to me a
lot because whether you're talking can
disagree but Buy in yeah if you're
talking to a supervisor if you're
talking talking to a subordinate it
doesn't matter you need to get buyin or
you're never going to get anything done
because they will either undermine you
or override you if you don't have buyin
you have to have buyin that's why I mean
I've talked about this on the show
before everything is sales life is sales
you're selling everything you're selling
yourself to your potential partner uh
you're selling yourself to you know the
and you're selling yourself to your
current partner hoping you stay together
yeah it's all sales sales never
stops you're selling yourself to you
know uh the interviewer uh you're
selling yourself to the you know the
freaking the waiter at the restaurant
why should they give you good service
why should they why should they pay
attention to I know it's that job but
like be a good customer yeah yeah cuz
like the I don't know the I find the
easiest way to have service workers go
above and beyond
when they're serving you is to just not
be a giant
hole they they have to deal with them so
often that if you're just like
refreshing and you're not rushing them
too much and you're just kind of
chilling like usually they're super nice
because so many other people are jerks
pretty much everyone in the world is
nice if you're nice to them yeah it's
it's a pretty cool life hack I mean
there are exceptions right sure like
there are just you know maybe they're
just having a horrible day or there's
just like not your fault racists and you
happen to be the wrong color and walk up
to them yeah you know like not much you
can do about that there's not much you
can do about that yeah
um
yeah don't be addict to people who
handle your food yeah yeah yeah yeah or
I mean just
anyone
yeah it's it's just honestly
way less stressful of a way to go
through life all right Dan
um you got anything else heavy for us or
maybe something lighter no it's all
lighter after this nice yeah that was
that was a tough one to start with s
like our lanky tall fit uh t-shirts
they're not technically lighter they
might even actually be heavier but you
can get them and by getting them you can
support uh more shirts on the store
being made in tall format not that I
have an agenda yeah no horse in this
race at all buy 400 of each of them that
would be cool yeah then we might get
graphic ones or other stuff right yeah
if these do well yeah uh let's see uh
something a little lighter uh during the
massacre that happened in oh no wait
hold
on
I'm I'm building a computer to attach to
my TV is there a good way to have it
automatically wake or turn on when
turning on the
TV that's a good question does does does
c what's it called C whatever see
whatever C what's the what's the stupid
HDMI control thing
called um think of a way you do it HDMI
C is it CC I think so yeah yeah c
um does CC work on consumer graphics
cards not that I'm aware of hook up that
power switch to that computer oh I mean
yeah you could split the line to an RF
signal you go do both you could buy like
a universal remote or something like
that like still got an old harmony that
is like my one button power everything
on but I think they're asking for cc and
apparently some Intel Nooks supported it
uh you need adapters but that won't wake
it interesting I don't know man I mean
CEC is such a flaming pile of garbage as
it is like even on devices that support
it properly I wouldn't imagine that
adding some like weird accessory that
like has HDMI pass through and can also
like plug in an ether cable with a magic
packet or something like I wouldn't
imagine that's going to
work I have a switch bot that presses
the button connected to home assistant
yeah the fact that that is the solution
tells me everything I need to know I
remember with the Fallout bomb I just
split it so that it played the like toy
bomb sound and turned the computer
on so you just make it do
both so you open up your TV
you find the power switch circuit you
splice your computer power switch into
it you're pressing you're you're
pressing the power switch on your TV
they're using a controller
right you can open that controller up um
that is a terrible solution oh it's
awesome I like the way Luke works man
after my own
heart it's totally doable got a string
attached to the breaker for the living
room hot glue the power button down on
the PC danthony says it works on Linux
sure but I don't have 3 days to learn
how to do it so that's that's tough
that's pretty tough um I turn on my TV
and use Moonlight to wake up my PC yeah
there's lots of there's lots of
different ways and none of them are what
you were asking so I think the answer is
no it's kind of looking that way I'm
sorry unless a wire running from the
remote to the computer okay that would
be hilarious oh definitely work though
so you actually just like when you press
that button you like put two leads on it
that are they just short and turn on the
computer I about a foot switch
underneath the couch the problem is with
anything like that cuz it's a momentary
like like short right yeah I turn my
computers on with the screwdriver all
the time that's actually not bad you
could just get another remote for your
computer Silverstone has that little
remote you could do a Clapper you know
to turn the lights on and off and it
closes the switch uh for the PC you do
like a really sick goal in rocket league
and cheer for yourself your computer
turns off just turns off just hibernates
well you could disable the power button
to like close down in Windows I vote for
this I use uh that looks like great yeah
for my lighthouses I have those like
remote things yeah so you got to pull
this apart hot glue it to back of the bo
from inside the the controller and put
it in in your TV remote which is somehow
big enough to house this don't worry
about it so you 3D print a new TV REM
housing yeah that sounds like even more
work than a lot of the other stuff no I
want to do this it sounds awesome oh my
God weekend project I'll uh I'll have
done half weekend half finished and then
I won't be able to use any of my living
room
Shu sounds like a pretty good weekend
who needs your living room when you have
this project to pay attention to youve
just described the last 15 years of life
it could be like uh Sebastian's room if
you guys watch the Fantastic video
Sebastian's uh AMD Ultimate Upgrade
thing um where he has 10 million
projects going on but it doesn't look
like it that was very
impressive I think he might have tied it
up a little bit for us
maybe
maybe question for
you I asked you to watch a particular
video on the channel did you watch it
what video I don't remember this at all
how to get a $500 motherboard for 50
bucks oh yeah the motherboard
resurrection that was awesome that was
like that was a sick video I didn't
remember that you even asked me to I
happily watched the whole thing that was
probably the most fun I've had shooting
a video in a very long time genuinely
very entertaining to watch absolutely
stuff that like I I think it has the you
know the spirit of why we started doing
scrapyard Wars where it's like you're
finding watching the value ticker we
have had historically a problem of our
videos having like trackable elements in
them and being able to watch like like
Alex updating you with like how much
money you've saved versus how much money
you spent as you go through was
mindblowing the the level of wow that
board is mangled and then you were able
to fix it was mindblowing and the lack
of expense in the things required to fix
it that that uh whatever microscope yeah
that thing it's like 100 bucks under
under 100 bucks I think it was 70 or
something yeah by the time you pay
shipping and taxes it's still you're
under 100 Buck that's not cheap but you
buy a broken board you buy that you fix
it now you have this tool permanently
and you just saved money on the board it
was still cheaper that was super cool
there's been a bunch of videos that have
come out lately that I've just
organically wanted to click on and
watched the whole thing and was like wow
that was really good you guys have been
doing great well thanks yeah
um yeah no that was that was a lot of
fun and the editors have been doing a
great job they've been putting in the
extra they've been putting in the extra
effort on those like you said those
trackable elements I think that was way
better in scrapyard Wars 9 than previous
ones like tracking the budgets and like
what deals we're working on um that was
one of the reasons that first of all the
first one was was delayed and then
second of all one of the Middle episodes
was delayed because I basically sent it
back and I was like guys you've done a
great job with the time that you
had here's more time go to a greater job
because it it it needs that and there's
another one coming soon that was also
sent back to the kitchen for uh I asked
for about 10 minutes to be removed from
it and then I also asked for the
tracking to be to be updated a little
bit so it was a little clearer what
people are talking about but the good
news is that the Final Cut Is Awesome um
they they finally did it you know how
we've talked a thousand times and I've
rejected the idea a thousand times about
doing like a PC build challenge just
instead of going out and buying stuff
just using our warehouse see who can
build the best PC out of like the parts
we have here so credit to David he came
up with a way to make it not stupid okay
cuz you know how my response was always
like well okay it's just it's just like
go get the best thing like that's not
that's not a challenge there's no way to
win there's no way to lose you just get
stuff and build a computer it's not
relatable is it all brok broken things
they had no internet okay so they
weren't allowed to look up pricing or
information or specs or anything they
had a $1,000 budget with penalties for
going
over and the goal was for going over do
they have to guess the price yeah oh wow
so it was it was an are we out of touch
video so they had that's a pretty good
angle they had to know the price with no
internet access wow and then they had to
um sorry what was the third thing that
no internet they had to oh yeah and they
had to have the best performance
possible so the best performance don't
go over budget you can't research online
so it was like oh and to get parts
because there's a lot of things we only
have one of it was a draft system so
they were given 45 seconds team one to
go grab a part team two to go grab a
part team three to go grab a part then
team three goes again then team two then
team W and so there were cases where
someone something was gone someone got
the board I wanted uh it it should be
really good I think the I think David
and I talked about it and we agree that
the original like 32 or 35 minute cut is
good but my issue when I talked to him
about it was like
look there's two great videos here
there's one that is super driven by
personality and there's one that is
super nuts and bolts on the
hardware there's only room for one video
on the in the YouTube cut it's got to be
one or the other and so that's why we
ended up and I kind of went which one is
it yeah it's the personality one it's
the it's the engaging fun version so
what I think is going to happen is I
think we're going to get the the the
YouTube cut on YouTube and I think we're
going to get like the David Snider cut
nice on float plane nice um sick so I
think that's I think that I think that's
the right way to kind of not have that
footage just lost to the ether um have
people be able to enjoy it because there
is a little bit more analysis and
thought process behind some of the parts
but sometimes I was just like I was
watching it and I like I could feel
myself tuning out because of how many
you know first word
latency uh Balancing Act of the CL
whatever like not that I was just trying
to come up with something that was kind
of jargony but basically just a lot
of Whiffle waffling about which one to
get and and discussion and if you are
super super super techy it'll be really
interesting but for the other two
million people that are going to watch
the video I think it's just it's not
that engaging so we had to we had to
give her the
old
anyway Kaboom pow says I've never heard
so much joy out of Linus than in that
motherboard repair video this man loves
getting some deals that's part of the
reason why it was fun to watch those
like you clearly cared and really wanted
to make every one of them work which
mirrors how you would feel if you were
actually just doing this dude making
every one of them work was not the goal
that was not the plan fair but you cared
about everyone once it was attainable I
wanted it so
bad once it felt like it was in reach
dude I would have been happy if I got
half of them I would have been thrilled
yeah if I had done half of them well I
think you still have been profitable on
half right I think so yeah pretty
sure and some of them weren't like crazy
deals either they were all pretty good
but some of them were clearly better
deals than others which is fine like if
if you were really trying to do this and
like make money off of it you could you
know spend be be a bit more picky about
certain I think so purchases um but it
was it was the right decision for the
video to try to like push the line a
little bit um Steve j3d says I love the
$50 motherboard video didn't like the we
try and break things for fun one you
posted the other day uh we did not try
to break things for fun in fact as far
as I know nothing was broken that
motherboard what had issues already uh
they didn't affect our ability to like
play a game and run C EV the indulging
thoughts one yeah not when you sprayed
water all over it while it was running
that didn't break anything no okay and
none of the parts that we were using for
any of the CRA actually that one might
have but none of the parts that we were
using were not sacrificial clearly
mentioned in the video that those were
all parts that were like already having
issues and were on their way out y yeah
so so don't uh yeah don't don't
overthink it we are not about destroying
perfectly working stuff here um and so
there's been a lot of pitches over the
years that would result in Hardware
dying um that would have been videos
that would have gotten millions of views
that lonus has said no to just throwing
that out there shraf 2K says thanks for
jacking up eBay mobile prices for their
foreseeable future this is a criticism
that we get a lot um you know every time
we kind of he might be getting but sorry
he might just be ribbing you but yeah
maybe but it's it's a criticism we
legitimately get a fair bit whenever we
do a video about something that's kind
of like a like an Open Secret but like a
or or like a you know a niche
Community or or a niche Community I
think probably the best example of it
was
oh yeah when we when we talked about
that modified Windows 8 ISO that was
super cool and and all the bloat was
stripped out U at a time when Windows 10
was still kind of a steaming pile of
garbage and people didn't want to
migrate to it um that project probably
directly because of us highlighting it
um came under pretty intense scrutiny
for Microsoft now I believe since then
they've kind of risen from the Shadows
with a different method where you
download the ISO from Microsoft and then
you download a modifier script from them
instead of downloading the modified ISO
because that was Microsoft's problem you
were downloading Windows from them which
is bad kind of fair but here's my here's
my
Counterpoint I didn't post that on the
internet um I didn't make Microsoft's
terms of service and copyright and you
know intellectual property protection um
and what is my job if not to talk about
what's going on in Tech and sometimes
it's going to sometimes it's going to
make you know the prices go up on used
Hardware or sometimes it's going to draw
unwanted attention to a to a a project
but like isn't isn't it my job to talk
about what's going on in Tech sometimes
s it's going to
cause sometimes it's going to cause
problems for me careful we have to burn
that you can't break it yet um but like
that's my job right isn't it yeah no I I
mean I defend
it I defend it and to be clear sharf was
just rubing you or sharff sorry and I
think we're going to have a video coming
and that's actually the main reason why
I'm addressing this we're going to have
a video coming that there's going to be
a lot of people coming after me for oh
for that we will be shedding a light on
something that is super cool for techie
people to know um but is like a it's
like a secret that techie people know
and I think you and I are kind of
aligned on that we don't have secrets we
have information for the people and
that's our job
and I don't even know what this is but
yeah I agree with that make sure you
watch the video when it comes out yeah
cuz I don't know if it's going to last
do you want to know what this is we'll
see no I don't think so okay okay okay
yeah I don't think so I don't know we've
been I've been feeling kind of I've been
feeling kind of irreverent
lately not going to lie one
sec I spelled it
wrong I've been feeling I've been
feeling a
little you know it
lately um I liked the the video that
recently got taken down because I'll
I'll refer to it that way to add a
little bit of buffer because there's
technically two videos that recently got
taken down so who knows um because
that's been that's been
a laughed about non secret for so long
yeah and but there's always new people
entering the space yeah so it's also a
question that I've received forever like
since I was a kid people are like is
this thing legit yeah no no one cares so
it's like yeah I don't know I'm down
with it I was down with it when it
happened I think how everything went was
fine personally Luca asks are you trying
to get canceled lonus
dude if I was trying to get cancelled
you'd
know I don't know man we talked about
this a few weeks ago so I'm not going to
like get into it again or anything but I
I think I'd be I think I'd be a little
more difficult to to you can't kill the
Undead yeah that's I was going to say we
already came back from the sticks
[Laughter]
like oh man like it is it is no it is no
secret that you know we have you're kind
of a Bard you're close to a Bard I
thought they died when you gave them
healing
damage like Works backwards for Undead
like it is it is no it is no secret that
after July of last year uh we
experienced a precipitous drop in
viewership and therefore our
busness um that we have these graphs are
super informative of like how channels
work what things impact their their
success and their their non-success and
yeah they're they're I I think people
would have a a surprisingly fun time
actually just poking around social blade
and like seeing how different channels
do things yeah it's it's a genuinely
surprisingly enlightening so this is 28
oh this is this is this is 30 days so we
are we are not there but boy are we ever
but that's a line that's going up boy
are we ever tracking back um and you can
feel it man the videos feel good I know
I've been saying that a lot on W lately
but like they actually just do no the vi
The Vibes feel good I think uh I think
it's uh I think it's I think it's good I
think things are good oh whoa dude what
up what is this streams with Sarah
announcement float plane exclusive merch
yeah you didn't know about this I did
not know about this
yeah it's cool what am I what am I
looking at this is 48 what the what what
the heck is going on what is what is
this video I have not watched
this where did we come from I don't know
but that was the timestamp we were at
Why
did um what am I even what do what do
they have me saying I don't know uh okay
well you know what not sure I think the
idea is basically that she's going to be
streaming on Flow plane and she's going
to take Community input on a design
design um and then I
think I could be wrong about this it's
going to say in the post so you should
really just read the post but I think
that's going to be a Flo plane exclusive
shirt but it doesn't mean that the
design is going to have like the flo
plane logo on it necessarily unless the
community asks for that um and she riffs
on it in a certain way um maybe I should
just read the
post is on the First full point
exclusive merch live you can also
contribute to the design in chat Yep
this this is the clip lonus and Luke
will react to today on Wan but there's
an early access to our fellow floaties
are we doing that today I don't I think
we might to jump the gun oh I think this
is the early
axis maybe well okay
then great job professional uh yes we
were supposed to react to that on way so
maybe we should get audio and get that
going uh
okay hey conveniently we already made
sure that audio works if we're watching
videos uh on the computer machine uh
okay cool I fixed it we did from Dan
sure and make sure okay
um hey Sarah let's do float plane
exclusive merch I'm lonus and I love
badminton I'm also the average height
for a Canadian male my age that's a
weird thing to say but sure and make
sure to stream it on float plane it'll
be lots of fun uh okay um I'll stream it
next Thursday I love eating chicken
star and you guys can help drop by at
10:00 a.m.
and where we'll be making our first ever
float plan exclusive merch see you
there Lon is you paid people to make
that
I didn't lonus Media Group Incorporated
did who owns most of that I would never
have done that who owns most of that me
oh
crazy oh that was great Starfield I love
e chicken
Starfield my goodness I think you like
eating hot sauce with chicken yeah yeah
it's an important part of the equation
yeah I'm going to be set that up that's
going to be so fun I think it's going to
be we've done a few of those Sarah has
done some in the before I think the uh
Gone Fishing original one was done on
float plane stream I think the Privateer
shirt was designed on float plane stream
as well every Halloween we do pumpin
caring exclusive so this is this is
using our our connector to the LTT store
so you'll have to does that finally work
it it like exclusive exclusive I know I
mean does it work on like the store side
though I know float plane has supported
the feature for a long time but like do
we finally have integration between the
store and float plane we've had that
since l TX
2023 to like to do what though to to to
make it so that okay so it goes it's one
directional yeah so you can log into the
store using your float plane account and
then there it doesn't know it's
beautiful exclusive things given to you
because you have it's the best feature
ever you've been authenticated as a Flo
plane user what we still don't have um
is like if you buy something on LTT
store you are granted something on Flo
plane it doesn't go the other way it
just goes Flo plane to LTT store not
altitud store a flow plane we do want to
do that eventually but it's far far far
far far road map there's uh there's many
things we need to do that are high
priority from the both the users the
creators and the the people running the
service that want done before we would
be able to get to that got it yeah just
making it clear before people like where
is it I want it it's like no it's
probably not coming for a very long time
2% cash back rewards on LTT store from
float plane Subs when yeah no time soon
ever
let's say that all right that will never
happen cool full plane is too cheap that
we would just lose
money oh I subscribed a float plane for
one month and then bought all the
different screwdrivers in a backpack and
then unsubscribed wow I just made so
much money it's only 2% if they buy a
bunch of stuff I think we still win well
if they have a grandfather sub it's $3
that's true and there's payment
transaction fees andu
yeah the the OG Subs are like really not
profitable they technically are are they
yeah CU certain costs of things have
gone down oh I see yeah okay I think the
last time we talked about it it was
break even at best it was basically not
so much well it also depends like do you
do you account for like Dev time I mean
yeah then probably not okay so but the
rest of them are so we're good let's go
it's fine it's everything's fine what
about us $10 Ballers Luke uh yeah you
guys are great those are profitable
thank you very much yeah mind you with
how much you watch the streams I'm not
sure if you individually
are streaming basically just completely
destroys the business model not that you
shouldn't watch the stre yeah you should
watch the streams you should watch on
Flo plane but uh yeah streaming is super
expensive combo is the watches the
entire wow stream every time and every
other stream that happens on the
platform OG
sub oh yeah that one's the like that's
the money loser right there that's a
gamer move yeah yeah not that you
shouldn't do it go ahead we are doing
fine to be super clear yes streaming is
don't not use the platform streaming is
very expensive compared to VOD it can't
be buffered essentially if you want
decent latency which I think we have on
Flo plane um that's a big part of the
problem
and the beta site now has manual
controls manual controls yeah I've been
telling people in the in the fullo chat
all day what do you mean by manual
controls we had a player limitation for
a long time where for live streaming it
was just Auto quality oh and people
didn't like that because sometimes it
would jump too much it would switch too
often so on the beta site we added
manual controls oh right I'm not on the
beta you're doing real time conversion I
thought you
weren't what you said switching
qualities oh for live streams yeah you
do multi not what we're pushing up what
people are taking down oh
okay okay oh look at that oh yeah there
you go so that's a thing now my
understanding was that you had to real
time transcode all of those at the same
time does that still happen yeah okay I
thought you weren't doing that that's
we're not doing that someone is don't
worry about it
yeah basically it's not really it's just
it's not going to be very interesting
for speaking of sites that use someone
else's underlying technology oh Noy it's
Jack
doerty we're talking about this internet
personality Jack doerty this is in the
doc yeah a 21-year-old who's primarily
known for controversial prank videos
crashed as McLaren during a live stream
this past weekend footage of the
incident appears to show him speeding in
rainy conditions while glancing back and
forth at a phone in his hand before he
loses control of the vehicle crosses
multiple Lanes of traffic and hits a
guard rail dorti continued filming the
aftermath of the accident his cameraman
Michael David who was sitting in the
passenger seat had his head injured in
the accident and later received stitches
at one point in the footage from the
crash site dhy hands the device to David
who is bleeding from a head wound and
instructs him to continue filming when
another young man suggests that someone
else should take over filming from David
seeing as his face appeared to be
injured dor prevents anyone from taking
over instead giving the concerned man
another device to film with and telling
him to make it look good some images
that Mr Dy posted to Instagram appear to
show him posing shirtless with the wreck
note that he was wearing a shirt when
the accident
occurred some online observers noted
that doerty re-uploaded edited clips of
the aftermath of the accident but not
his actions immediately preceding the
crash so it wasn't obvious that he was
on his phone this is why this is on top
streaming site kick has removed his
account and given him a lifetime ban for
violating a community guideline
prohibiting Reckless Behavior and the
endangerment of others uh so this is
actually what I want to talk
about have we found the line and if this
is the line why wasn't the line setting
off fireworks indoors oh did that happen
not not from uh whatever his name is not
not from Jack no but definitely
something that has actually occurred did
you see the stuff that happened at
twitchcon no oh yeah why kick streamers
were just like straight up harassing
people at twitchcon cool it's very cool
very cool very cool uh kick is not
Microsoft D Starfire not that uh any
form of content creation is honestly
like just a a Bastion of perfect people
um no but I I think kick has a has a
pretty bad rap for a reason
um and the fire the in the indoor
fireworks thing was actually not um that
that was not on Kick I think that was on
Twitch um so I guess I guess the
conversation is like have we have we
finally have we finally reached the line
cuz as someone indoor fireworks thing
that was KSI right that was a that was
fake uh someone definitely actually did
it at some point I don't know who all
right um the KSI won or not KSI yeah
sorry kaiset uh that one was I think it
was a Mr Beast and kaiset thing and it
was faked yeah some someone someone
definitely did it at some point
um apparently ISO speed actually did it
oh says chat okay so cool uh anyway the
point is that as someone who grew up in
the generation of like when I was when I
was a kid heading into adolesence and
teenage Hood like CKY to become a man
you have to crash your McLaren jackass
back in the day uh Tom Green this kind
of like this kind of shock do anything
humor yeah um I've kind of watched it
progress to the point where you know we
stopped doing these things under
professional supervision on closed
courses uh we started doing more and
more not just insane but innan things um
I saw this really unsettling footage of
uh someone breaking their back doing the
milk crate challenge
um what is that you stack milk crates to
make stairs okay like you know those
Square milk crates and then you see how
high you can go except that the problem
is that by the time you're high enough
that it's unstable you're like 6 to 8 ft
up and if you fall onto milk
crates um that should give you like a
pretty good idea of what's going to
happen um and I guess I've just been
kind of sitting here patiently waiting
for either people to get smart
which I'll probably be waiting a long
time yeah or for whether it's platforms
or Regulators or parents I don't know
for someone to kind of say hey okay
um that's the
limit that's the limit there it's time
to
stop and is is this is this finally it
so operating your phone while driving is
the limit well the thing is that I don't
even know if
that's and to be clear it was it's dumb
and Reckless and cuz you're streaming
driving poor conditions and operating a
phone and then I think that's already
bad but I think it's sort of the which
parts are bad because we've recorded
videos while driving so is the streaming
portion bad it's the flagrant disregard
I think for any kind of
consequences um after the fact that's a
impossible thing to measure no it's
you're right it's totally impossible to
measure I mean it's a it's a compound
problem I think context menu I think
kind of nailed it any one of those
things you know I I would say is
compared to the kind of stuff people
other people are streaming online right
because we're not talking about whether
those things were wrong and bad
absolutely wrong and bad what we're
talking about is streaming while driving
wrong and bad the line I don't think it
has to be I think if you have a fixed
GoPro on your dash and you're it's
basically the same thing as
it's basically Comedians in cars or
whatever Seinfeld like I don't think
because I don't think we I I don't think
I've ever been in a compromised position
driving around for scrap red Wars I mean
like it's just hasn't there's this
there's this like super lowbudget
Canadian show that I only know about
because it was on while I was in a
dentist chair and I couldn't get away
from it it's called like Cash Cab or
something like that yeah here we go is
it oh my God it's an American show it's
actually a whole thing well there was a
there was I have no
idea okay well it was definitely on a
Canadian Channel and they were
definitely driving around a Canadian
city and it was like the production
value was garbage um so I think it must
have been like a Canadian ripoff of it
oh yeah Cash Cab Canadian game show it's
called the same thing but there's a
Canadian one yeah and it's like probably
worse because it seemed pretty bad
anyway 200 plus episodes eight seasons
yeah wa yeah the Canadian one yeah
anyway
um you're really trying to get cancelled
come okay look I'm not saying that okay
the point is the point is that clearly
they're driving and like doing a trivia
show so it can be done um
yeah but not in poor conditions not
while alsoo texting not while not in
poor conditions so you can't like this
is I think this is the line I keep
coming back to is like does that mean
that we can't film for scrapyard Wars
while driving when it's
raining because like I I don't
personally see the difference between
streaming and recording of OD I think
we'd have to use our game sense no
there's a big difference between
streaming and recording of odod because
with streaming okay here I'll show you
the difference between streaming and
recording of OD
sure well no because you don't have to
go on your phone I'm showing you the
difference you don't have to to go on
your phone oh I'm showing you the
difference you
doing okay uh so continuing with the
show I can take a break gotcha if I if I
need my focus you can just be a bad
streamer and take a break though but you
won't because when you're
streaming right but how many what's your
what's your typical concurrence okay
like you're not fighting algorithmically
for for for relevance really you don't
care um and so when you're streaming
there's this constant pressure to be on
to be talking about something to be
changing the subject to be you know
changing what people are looking at oh
my God it's producer Dan oh and he's
gone but like I think that's I think
that's my where I said like you don't
have to go on your phone CU like if
you're streaming you're going to want to
see chat but someone else could see chat
someone else could be producing someone
El could be doing these other things
someone else could be making sure that
there isn't gaps in the entertainment of
the stream but that's the problem is
they didn't so it's a compound problem
samit has streamed while drifting and
not had a problem yeah and and so I'm
not saying that just being on stream is
necessarily a problem but you have to
have the game sense and that to me is
the difference with a VOD with a VOD I
think it's easier to turn on your game
sense and go uh okay I got an update for
you
um I got to we got to merge onto the
highway let's let's let's do it when
we're on the highway cuz like I've I've
had that kind of back and forth with my
camera operator where like okay one
example was I was going somewhere where
I didn't want to dox the person I was
traveling to yeah I've done and so I was
like okay uh I've got to okay write down
there's there's a few things I want to
address in this next clip if you can
note those down um and then I'm going to
turn around on this highway so that from
the last shot that they see we'll be
going in like two different directions
and it's going to be super bamboozle um
points if anybody like noticed that in
the video it was pretty funny um anyway
um so so let's do that and then and then
you know what I'm not going to I'm not
going to lie to you guys especially cuz
in earlier scrapyard Wars you guys
probably saw me on my phone while I was
driving anyway uh so I'll like glance at
it and then okay let's do the clip while
we're just cruising at highway speed I
am a very defensive driver so I will I
will typically not have anyone on either
side of me I will always accelerate past
someone or break to be behind them like
I never someone feels so uncomfortable I
hate it oh my god
um I apparently got a ticket and left it
in I forgot about that I don't remember
that at all that's hilarious um anyway
so so I I tend to be a very defensive
driver that doesn't I'm not saying good
driver guys I'm saying defensive driver
ever uh I don't like to be near other
things that are moving
um and so if I'm at cruising speed and
there's nobody near me no I don't think
that it's going to be the end of the
world if I if I like glance toward mik
Glens for for a second or two you know
for emphasis or you know for whatever it
is that I'm doing hosting same thing as
glancing towards your passenger which
everybody does but
streaming is in my mind a different
Beast unless you're really in a mindset
where you are you're not trying to be on
the whole time but so many streamers are
they're trying to be constantly engaging
you probably are trying to constantly be
engaging because that's how you perform
in the streaming World which makes sense
um Sigma salt says unless you're
ignoring chat it's over the line 100% I
think that's honestly a pretty good
point um where' it go having his friend
recording the aftermath while bleeding
also didn't help yeah Crystal D said but
the issue was speeding looking at his
phone um and doing that while
hydroplaning and I I understand that my
point is that if we if we try to draw a
line but the line is like I don't know
then it's not a line um so we need to
define the things that that cross the
line so like you're saying like maybe
streaming sites should should ban
streaming while
driving I don't know I while being the
driver I mean can
we I don't necessarily think it's
inherently a
problem no I am 100% certain that even
if I tried to be consistently
entertaining I could stream and drive at
the same time no
problem I'm 100% confident that you
wouldn't be able to be engaging and
entertaining though with other people in
the car though with the other people in
the car easy yeah easy peasy if if
there's no one else in the car I do
agree with you yeah because then you're
you know you're not reading chat unless
you're doing something like unless
you're like a rally driver a drift car
person some doing something unique if
you're driving through a city unless
your stream literally is like POV
driving through City yeah um then yeah I
don't
know try it I I think I like literally
have I I've streamed while snowboarding
like I've done weird stuff and it's
never been an issue for me but I also
have never had that be my career so I
have never cared and if I needed to not
be entertaining for a while I would just
not be entertaining for a while so I
also have that benefit which isn't fair
yeah is the line just like committing a
crime while streaming I'm that's
effectively the line for flow plane you
can't break the law yeah that's what we
did so
yeah yeah I guess there's just a lot of
things that like
are horrible but and stupid but not a
crime like I I know I come back to this
a fair bit but it was just so egregious
uh like when Dr disrespect was streaming
from the bathroom at I think was that
twitchcon or whatever it was like I
don't I don't think that's technically
illegal necessarily but it just
shouldn't have to be you know you
shouldn't have to make that law it
should just be kind of obvious and I
guess that's the problem for me is that
we've got people just
pushing pushing the the boundaries of
What's
um push based on what is NE what is
legal rather than what is kind of
necessary and and okay to do uh people
saying it's illegal as far as I'm aware
okay maybe maybe it is so then to record
in a bathroom you know like why was this
a permanent ban then and why was that a
temporary ban I mean he ultimately did
end up permanently banned anyway but for
a different thing I think yeah oh yeah
it was for something else um I don't
know man and like should okay should
jack doerty be able to you know come
back on Twitch or come back streaming on
YouTube like
should should because I know that
YouTube has policies around off platform
Behavior you don't necessarily have to
do something on YouTube to be banned
from YouTube
yeah like is this should this just be
the end because I don't know guys for
some reason I don't feel like the
audience
will discipline this oh no they'll
traditionally they reward it I've seen
people come back from from worse I I
don't know when the line when we're way
up here it's hard to tell what's farther
and what's not farther over the line
like stuff this just obviously wrong if
people were still watching this guy
after all the stuff that he's done in
the past uh I don't think this is going
to stop them if anything this was
probably top tier premium content which
is the reason why we're talking about it
now and the whole freaking internet has
talked about it and he's getting more
pressed than he's ever gotten before
despite all the crazy deplorable things
he's done in the past I'd never heard of
him I'll tell you that much I have um
and
if he's able to be platformed somewhere
he'll get tons of views this is not this
is not generally penalized by the
internet audience um there's some people
that would be like I I would yeah but
you weren't watching him yeah like it's
not
you I don't know it is what it is I
worry about the kind of stuff that like
not my kids cuz they like I have access
to their watch History I know what
they're watching um
but like what their peers are watching
what if they delete stuff
um they are they have demonstrated their
truthfulness elsewhere where it wouldn't
be possible
enough and as far as they know I can
access things they
delete as far as they know right
now in time they'll figure things out
better and you know I won't be able to
rely on that but for now um even in
cases where I can't prove it um and
where I don't necessarily have the power
to know exactly what happened uh they
have shown themselves to be extremely
honest and I and I mean that as a parent
with my eyes completely wide open who
knows that children are just little
humans who lie cheat steal and will even
kill um they're they're they're humans
they're just people they're just smaller
I'm not saying this to to say that the
other ones aren't I've just spent more
time with this one and he's older but
little man is definitely intelligent and
clever enough to figure it out if he
wanted to and he has um he has bypassed
parental controls before and we have
talked about it and he did get busted
and that's why he thinks that I know
because I did catch him before and it
was a pretty clever
workaround that I was not aware of is it
bad that I'm like a little proud
we can move
on oh man I forget I actually forget
what exactly the workaround was I think
it was um I think it was that the the
screen time wasn't counted if you like
quickly locked and unlocked the phone or
something like that or like I forget
what it was but it was a it was a pretty
clever
workaround
um but yeah no I um
I I he's at the age now where instead of
the conversation being you need to be
100% honest all the time the
conversation is you need to learn the
importance of
honesty and you need to be man enough to
be honest at times when it's
hard but no I don't expect you to tell
the truth to absolutely everyone in your
life 100% of the time and eventually you
need to learn the lesson that you
shouldn't yeah eventually you're going
to need to learn to hold your cards
closer to your chest so we've we've he's
headed into adolesence and we've started
to have those conversations instead of
just I mean it's like there's
appropriate time it's like physics right
where you learn the laws of it and then
ignoring air resistance and everything
you learned was wrong yeah and then you
learn that everything you learned then
was wrong and then you learn that
everything you learned then was wrong
right like like you know the early
conversations with your kids are you
know it it doesn't it doesn't matter if
you win or lose uh as long as you try
your best well you know probably about a
year ago maybe between a year and a year
and a half ago I had to have the first
conversation with my son so it's coming
real soon for my eldest daughter that
was like hey what I told you that's
actually um in life it matters
if you
win if you didn't win you lost um and if
you tried really hard um you still lost
and you know I think it was I think it
was after a tournament or something and
he was like uh I was tired and to make
my point I brought up like some some
someone who lost like a major match and
I was like hey look have you seen this
uh on the results it says that that the
score was this but this guy was tired
here look and he goes it doesn't say
that I said yeah
exactly yeah yeah it doesn't say his
tummy hurt because nobody
cares um at some point you're going to
need to win and it's not going to matter
nothing else is going to matter if you
want to win then you're going to have to
leave everything else at the door and
you can you can understand as well like
you can basically decide that it's not
worth the effort that you know that you
might have to put into this thing in
order to win and you can be like okay
I'm going to accept that I'm at a
certain level of casualness with this
thing but if you're like no this is this
is my thing I must win then it's like
well then win yeah um put in the effort
so yeah we you know and it I I think we
were also having the conversation about
like school as well it's like look
you're right you can you can get a good
enough grade but at some point you're
going to have to decide if good enough
is good
enough or if you want to excel um
because like let's let's be real um our
kids have ended up with a really
interesting mix of of well their parents
obviously right cuz that's like how
genetics work um and and they've they've
got this they've got this fascinating
sort of spectrum that they sit on
between the things that are great about
my mind which is sort of this raw
creative dragon energy and the things
that are great about ivonne's mind which
is this spectacular attention to detail
um and I think they have a lot of
potential but I think they have a lot of
the same challenges that um I had and
she had um and that she figured out and
that I didn't until a lot later and
that's that it's hard to learn to work
hard when you don't have to um and Ivon
figured it out still when she was still
in elementary school like when she was
pretty early she when they when they
basically when they started giving out
letter grades was and she got be's and
she was like excuse me what the I
thought I was an a student and kind
of cleaned up her act got it um whereas
for me I I don't know I cleaned it up in
like grade N I think but then I
completely fell apart um when I started
dating
just just yeah not
focused like FL out FL out of University
like hard I don't think I really got it
until I landed at BCIT
cuz I would get really um like touchy
about my
teachers like I had a terrible grade in
English for reasons that are probably
self-explanatory at this point um until
I got an English teacher
blonde uh until I got an English teacher
that was just an absolute badass Mr
Thompson fantastic um and then my
English grade cranked and I got into AP
English out of nowhere I was like barely
passing for my whole life and then I got
a high a and then AP English the next
year and then he was a professional
writer for a while which was a choice um
and then and that was kind of similar
for a lot of different things in school
where like if I had a good teacher I
would get like dialed in and do super
well but if I had a bad teacher I had
this like no I don't like that teacher
I'm not going to try which is stupid
um Panda asks made my brain happy he any
of your kids displayed ADHD
traits what do you
think I mean I don't know man it's one
of those things where it's like it neuro
neuro Divergence right and I think that
if you want to be at a certain level of
excellence in certain things you
probably have to be on extremes
somewhere you're probably on some kind
of spectrum uh of some sort sick um
and it's and it's one of those things
where like I've uh I've had
conversations with people where they're
like okay yeah Linus but I don't feel
bad for you because for you you know the
hyperfocus and sort of the inability to
to pay attention to one thing for a long
time and you kind of like are you go off
on these tangents it's like a superpower
and and you know for me it's not like
that and it's like yeah but at some
point you're going to have to decide if
you want to make excuses or if you want
to win
that was a yeah that was a lesson I got
from my physics teacher really yeah I
won't name him because not a lot of
people are stoked about this lesson but
it was interesting at the time uh where
there was someone in class there was
someone in class I have I have certain
you know I can't I can't read all that
great but um someone in class had a some
form of
um learning disability I don't remember
what it was and um it was it was
constant right every single class when
we broke it into doing work this person
requested help and the teacher would
help them never a problem with that and
then they they asked for I
think they asked for something else it
was like a lower required grade to pass
the class or something like that um and
he drew like an extremely hard line and
he was like no because when you leave
this will never be a thing so like you
got to figure it out now but he's like
I'm here at all times to help yeah but
like you know I can I can help you after
class I can help you on lunch I can help
you on various other breaks if you take
a spare period I can help you during
that if I have time I can potentially
help you outside of class like I can
give you everything but you have to pass
the same bar um and overhearing that
because you could they were like talking
in the corner right but you could kind
of still hear it over hearing that I was
like huh okay I need to kind of shut up
about my reading thing and like figure
it out and to be clear shut up and
figure it out isn't the right way either
not always get support talk to people
you know get a diagnosis you know find
resources for me it was the right thing
all yes and that's fine but your way
your path might be totally different
very yeah your path is probably going to
be very different it might also inform
like you know maybe you should do a
slightly different thing yeah I I think
the our Our Generation was hammered with
the like everyone can do anything you
can be anything like literally we were
told we could be astronauts yeah I
cannot be an astronaut yeah if I had if
I had focused every every ounce of my
being on being an astronaut from the age
of two I would be no closer to space
than I am right now and that is exactly
5' 6 in off of the
Earth 59 if I jump yeah and I I think
honestly I think that advice was was
kind of poisonous um yeah I think so too
and I I think sometimes recognizing like
okay
um I am I am clearly not good at this
thing even if I like it well there's
practically infinite other possibilities
in the world maybe I should find
something else that I like and I can do
well that was something that I really
struggled with to many we weren't
exposed to that much at least I wasn't
it was like do you want to be a
tradesperson a policeman a firefighter
an astronaut or teacher don't forget
teacher teacher yeah yeah and like so I
just thought I wanted to be a teacher
cuz I was like I don't know my mom's a
teacher my stepdad's a teacher my aunt's
a teacher every adult in my life like I
I just listed all the things my teachers
are all teachers I didn't know what
people went to business school for until
I was in like high
school I was like what do you mean you
just do like these things yeah cuz it's
all anyone would ever tell you you just
have a boss and you just do what they
tell you right yeah like I I was oh okay
yeah you know you figure it out
eventually but it was it was a weird
time in regards to communication of what
like schools and teachers were telling
you you could you could do when you grew
up um dland says I still don't know what
people go to business school for I think
it's for a common sense education
honestly a lot of what people seem to
cover there is just like how to interact
with people how to how to do basic
analysis how to generate pretty valuable
commun I know I know commun how to
generate a report dude it's such a huge
problem how to do a meeting how to sell
it all comes back you were talking
earlier in the show about how you have
to be selling all the time these are
these are genuinely very valuable things
always be closing
yeah
um yeah conversely if you find a way to
do find a way to love what see reading
problems if you find a way to love what
does work surrounding yourself with
others okay I can't read that properly
but yeah I mean there's there's
alternatives to everything right like
there's
um um there's a guy who who doesn't have
any arms and is a uh race car drifting
person I think he does literally Formula
Drift and he doesn't have arms he steers
the wheel with one of his legs and then
he manages all the pedals with his other
like amazing super sick made it work
there's routes for sure I saw this uh
you also have to understand that was way
harder for him than anybody else and
there was no like I saw this incredible
video of a mom uh with no arms lifting
her
baby onto into a seat and then like out
of it and stuff with her legs that's so
sick just like from like from a from a
chair position like being an absolute
badass super without arms but like yeah
yeah and like it it sucks that that's
harder for her for sure but I think
wallowing and self-pity over it isn't
going to
help yeah might help no might help I
don't think so it could you won't know
unless you try go ahead
try let's see let's see if it helps go
ahead
okay all right uh what do we
do I just want to make it clear that
everything that Luke and I say comes
with a little bit of survivorship bias
as well obviously we have powered
through and succeeded in our respective
fields and so you know it's easy for us
to say hey this this worked this works
great but but I think the most important
thing I said was the part where I said
learn about yourself find yourself know
yourself seek out a diagnosis seek out
strategies seek out support find your
own path if what if the path that you're
on isn't working um understand that you
can almost certainly find another path I
think that's the biggest thing for me um
is like there's there's things that I
wanted to do when I was growing up that
I was able to self- recognize like this
just isn't a good route for me and
there's ways to win that are not being
an astronaut yeah and that's okay you
don't have to win that hard dude the the
need for oh man if you get into as far
as I can tell literally any trade in BC
you will just kill it oh yeah my
goodness you will destroy like it's it's
yeah and not all of them are like
excruciating pain and like yeah like
requiring a ton of strength like there's
a lot of tools that are coming out that
are that can help assist with that type
of stuff in really cool ways like if you
don't even if you don't like getting
dirty being an electrician you know if
you some of them still get dirty okay
some of them still get dirty but there's
definitely a lot of jobs where you don't
get as dirty like you don't you don't
have to do you know residential uh you
know plumbing repair you know like
there's yeah there's lots of traits is
the point that I'm trying to make here
yeah there's tons
um hold on there was something here that
I thought was really funny stay the path
says I can't help but feel like they're
talking directly to me
sorry 1987 datson in F chat said I'm a
lineman in the states and I make over
200k a year the trades are the way I
didn't even go to
college 200k a year us yeah that's like
real
money dang yeah like I I don't know
there's there's routes there's routes a
lot of like people people troll garbage
men all the time dude they make cash
yeah and a lot of a lot of the garbage
routes this was this was mean sanitation
professional sure whatever
uh a lot of the sanitation professional
routes as far as I've heard are based on
completion not time so you'll notice how
they they often work really fast oh yeah
they get paid the same right so you get
a team of PE people that are going to
hustle and they finish this 8 Hour route
in like five and a half then you just
have the whole rest of the day off and
you didn't lose any income kind of a
sick job like cool and then if you're a
hustler go start a side hustle in that
extra 2 and a half hours and then you're
just making major bank I don't know
there's there's a lot of really cool
options like legitimately really cool
options especially I find if you look at
jobs that are like less traditionally
attractive because then there usually
isn't as much competition and when there
isn't as much competition it's often um
you know you end up making more money
for it so
yeah um speaking of making money the
show was brought to you by super micro
look up in the sky it's a bird it's a
plane it's super micro oh my God that's
right super micro is taking things to
the next level with their h14 generation
servers powered by amd's epic 90005
processors with a staggering 192 course
and 384 threads per chip and powered by
radon Instinct Mi 325x gpus these
servers are designed to provide maximum
performance and efficiency that was an
up to 192 course by the way and super
micro's building block architecture
allows for customization of expansion
acceleration networking and storage
supporting AMD zen4 and Zen 5 processors
super micro also has industry-leading
time to deployment taking just weeks
from design to validation and delivery
rather than months we actually visited
their headquarters recently and did a
series of videos on all things ag14
which you can check out on their Channel
no heat vision or super speed required
visit the link in the description for
more information on super micro h14
servers today the show is also brought
to you by MSI my God they say Diamonds
Are a Girl's Best Friend but msi's Meg
core liquid I 360 can be a gamer girl's
best friend with a design inspired by
the angular cuts of diamonds the 360
liquid cooler is sure to catch an eye or
two in those fancy builds their
dual-sided infinity mirror design
further highlights the diamond theme and
then blings it the heck out with that
sweet sweet
RGB and to keep things neat and tidy it
comes with covers for its pre-installed
fan cables creating a cleaner setup if
super whirling jet engines are not your
thing no worries because their Li ldb
technology in the fans is there to lower
noise levels improve heat dissipation
and extend the lifespan of the
cooler all the goodies you need are
included right there in the box like
thermal paste mounting screws cables and
even an integrated uni installation
bracket for both Intel and AMD sockets
so go check out the the MSI mag core
liquid i360 cooler using our Link in the
video description finally the show is
brought to you by Ridge if you missed
the reveal a few W shows back our collab
with Ridge is now available for you to
pick up with a circuit board design
thanks to our very own sahut we hope it
catches as many eyes for you as I
dropped it when filming this spot
catches as many eyes for you I don't
know Dennis probably this and it's a
wallet so besides being impossible to
take your eyes off of it's functional
here's some features it holds one to 12
cards it's RFID blocking it includes an
extra set of silver screws and it comes
with a cash strap and money clip plus
it's a ridge product so you know the
quality is topnotch I mean we've been
partnered with them for over 5 years is
that really true that sounds wow true
actually
um uh still not sure well they have a
limited lifetime warranty and a 99 day
free trial which means there's really no
reason not to try it out so go to
ridge.com circuitboard or click the link
in the video description to pick one up
today all right Dan what are we supposed
to be doing now March I want to I want
to show something really quick before we
before we move on we were talking about
uh you know being able to do different
things and and Technology moving forward
and allowing you to do maybe some more
things but blah blah blah blah blah have
you seen this Japanese Cafe employs
paralyze people to control robot that is
so cool so sick that is so cool so
sick that is so cool the staff is robots
but they are controlled by
people actually so cool I I I love stuff
like
this
huh they're avatars for people with
diseases and illnesses such as ALS to
connect with people while they're stuck
bedridden it's a fantastic concept add
it to your itinerary dude my
sister-in-law just got back from Japan I
would have totally told her to go check
that out super cool absolutely love this
idea
no Ducati there are no plans for an ad
supported float plane tier we'd have to
build an entire new like ad sales
department and um no le School said uh
as a disabl person I find this more
dystopian than cool really
oh
w h okay this case specifically called
out diseased people though not
necessarily
H well
okay duly
noted um the WordPress Oh wait we're
supposed to do merge messages all right
hit us sure message for Luke fellow
lisic here uh have you ever read or
heard of the dyslexic
Advantage no uh what would be a dyslexic
Advantage you also missed part of this
merch message I thought thought you'd
have a Google of that uh lmg crew keep
up the good work and who the f is this
Dan
guy interesting I ain't going to prompt
her at this week
lus that was very embarrassing I'm sorry
about
that um dxic Advantage I have to say I
have to say this being a book has got to
be the most hilarious
thing I'm sure you've seen the fonts
that's got to be the funniest thing I've
like ever heard
that's like somebody writing an ADHD
book that's 12,000 Pages yeah something
like that um I I would be it would be
interesting if it was in one of those
fonts that's easier to read um but no I
haven't heard of this I don't know um
get an audio book
yeah uh reviews are really positive it
seems wish I read it
sooner interesting I yeah I have no idea
what it's supposed to be I mean have you
found an advantage on your own no okay
then I guess you need this book I unless
I'm like already doing it and don't
realize it or something I don't know but
it just makes reading harder may it
makes cooking chicken
easier expert maybe maybe you don't
know uh up next why does lonus focus on
the bill of materials cost when arguing
a product isn't overprice if bomb costs
exceed the value to to Consumers then
the product needn't exist sales data
seems like a better indicator of
value
okay
so overpriced to me is not a measure of
value it's a measure of the price and
the price is the price the price of
um let's
say man oh this a this this a this this
is a tough one
um value is
subjective cost and price is not they
are they are objective so if something
has a bill of materials cost of $100 and
a retail price of $150 or $200 it is
objectively priced within the range of
what you would expect based on um how
what what uh what a brand would have to
price it at in order to account for all
of the various other expenses that they
need to manage within their business all
of their administrative overhead uh
customer service uh breakage and
warranty and like after sales support
sort of all all of that overhead that
they have to cover you can typically
expect a markup on a product to be
anywhere from like 50 to 100 points bare
minimum luxury Brands get away with a
lot more than that but that's sort of
pretty
pretty normal um and and it can even be
normal to go quite a bit higher like
software companies for example will have
margins way higher than that
so if you were yeah glasses glasses have
have a lot of pharmaceuticals a lot of
margin but the thing about
pharmaceutical margin and I'm not going
to defend the big Pharma companies but
the thing about pharmaceutical margin is
there is a lot of R&D that goes in UPF
front and there is a need to cash in on
that they gone a little far absolutely
like I said you'll never hear me defend
big far R&D and a lot of
things but there can be especially in
the past I'd say it's less true now
especially in the past you could work
for years trying to develop a drug spend
millions and millions and millions of
dollars and and develop nothing like it
was a it was a a strike ITR or die
trying industry I think that with a lot
of the new tools they have for drug
development these days it's it's less
like that um but there was a time when
it was like that anyway um so so so the
the so the cost of something and the
price of something is just it's
objective it's measurable um the value
of something is subjective and so when
you say sales data seems like a better
indicator of value I would agree with
that I I would agree that if something
sells really well then it's a good value
and if something doesn't sell very well
then and it either was a bad value or
there was bad marketing there could be a
variety of reasons that something
doesn't sell very well actually there
can be a variety of reasons that
something sells really well including
great marketing and IT not necessarily
being a great value but yes I would
agree with you that sales data is
probably a better indicator of value but
value is up to you yeah or it's up to
you yeah or it's up to me no what no
well for me to make a PCH my God them
and me okay that's it yep value is
personal and so if if you if I were to
say this water bottle I'm going to price
it
at
$29.99 my cost is $15 you can say um
that's overpriced and I can say you're
wrong because it isn't that's just what
it costs and you might not want one of
these you might not think that you know
the insulated wall matters you might
like to drink out of a mason jar which
you can just get with like the I don't
know the preserves that you would
normally buy and you can just you can
just repurpose it and that's great that
costs you nothing and that's a better
value for sure but um this isn't
overpriced it's just not something that
has a value to you so value is
subjective and price is objective and
that's the difference that took an awful
long time carry
on
sure um I'm at my wedding's welcome
party and we're getting married tomorrow
tomorrow any advice for the Newly Weds
on the day of and for a happy life
together
onwards have fun
don't what don't have
fun that's not what I meant uh don't get
married it's always so cringey when you
see those like gifts or whatever of like
somebody pushing their partner's face
into the cake or something like that and
then it ruins the whole thing
um just don't don't do that
don't like don't like push your partner
into doing something during the day that
they're going to uh regret or might ruin
their day I'm assuming uh based on uh
you know demographics of our viewership
that this is a dude um if your partner
is a woman there's a higher chance that
they care about their appearance and
stuff so you know be careful don't don't
shove cake in their face even if you've
seen it on a meme and it looked funny
and they enjoyed it
uh don't risk it ask first do stuff like
that Luke consent tips be
careful it's just a lot of people put a
ton of value into this day right so just
you
know chill and be careful don't ruin it
for your partner who might care a
lot next ah two to three more topics
what do you want want to talk about how
about the WordPress
Feud yeah okay I'm going to do the
background here wordpress.org is an
open-source web publishing project which
Powers around 40% of the top 10 million
websites we assume it is owned by Matt
mullenweg who is also the CEO of
automatic which owns
wordpress.com a fremium web building
platform based on wordpress.org
all right a month ago automatic sent a
cease and desist letter to WP engine a
thirdparty WordPress hosting service for
using the WordPress trademark on their
site because according to automatic
WordPress excuse me WP engine doesn't
contribute enough to the open source
project WP engine sent their own cease
and assist letter and claimed that
Mullen WG told them he'd take a scorched
Earth nuclear approach unless they paid
8 % of their revenue as a trademark fee
or dedicated an equivalent amount of
employee time to the project Mullen WG
has since banned WP engine from using
wordpress.org servers which has broken
WP engine customers websites last week
WP engine sued WordPress for extortion
further 159 automatic employees who
disagreed with Mullen wi's leadership
accepted a severance package and left
the company which this isn't in our
notes but he apparently took to mean
that everyone who remained agreed with
him which is not how that
works yeah uh discussion question is as
much as it's a as much as it's good for
people to contribute to open source
projects how are people supposed to
trust open source projects when the rug
can get pulled out from under them at a
moment's notice uh that's true for Clos
Source projects too that's just that's
just part of life
um I don't know yeah it
sucks that being said um of like all the
times in the internet's history this is
the easiest one to Pivot off um so as
much as it's you know terrible um I'm
sure there are services that will
welcome you with open arms Wick squ
space how much work have you done on
your WordPress impation though no it
sucks I'm not trying to say it doesn't
suck okay um just as long as you're not
trying to say it doesn't suck cuz it
definitely sucks yeah I know it sucks a
lot um just I I I think what I'm trying
to say is like I wouldn't just
automatically throw in the towel
um you might feel like you want to do it
right now you sure might and I wouldn't
blame you but you know uh even compared
to like a year ago the the internet is
more equipped to move your business off
of Wordpress than it ever has has been
so there is there is light at the end of
the tunnel um I suspect there's even
going to be companies that pop up that
are designed to help you with this um
and you know you might not have the
money to go that route I work for a
publishing company says context menu we
have over 50 sites running WordPress
with hundreds of custom plugins yeah the
custom plugins part is that's painful oh
yeah it's all it's it's all really rough
um like this could actually be a death
blow for certain businesses oh it will
be I'm 100% certain I don't know for how
many but I'm sure it'll take a couple of
them out there's a lot of businesses
that uh you know at a certain point they
almost become a passion project and it's
like I can keep this thing going but
that's pretty much all I've got and a
blow this big is just going to
completely take it out
um watch the Fire Ship video on it it
was really really good and explained
both sides better than your notes did
fir ship does good stuff so I'm not too
surprised uh maybe if you're interested
in in seeing more on this go check out
Fire Ship
um
Matt Matt from Labs web says WordPress
is an is awful as a product regardless
of drama anytime it's the right time to
move on from it uh I I don't
disagree I would I would generally Echo
that sentiment that being said you don't
want it ripped out from under you um you
would want to migrate off of it um
carefully and while taking your time and
and stuff like that
um but yeah this is this is the the
wrong circumstances to be unbg Brady
says WordPress is the notepad of blog
sites change my mind I won't be able to
because you're
unbudgeted it yeah I also don't disagree
with that uh WordPress is just uh I
think their their time has passed in my
opinion I know there's cool things that
they do and stuff but they just I don't
know man speaking of I can't remember
the last time I recommended them
speaking of cool things I used to make
money through WordPress fun fact really
yeah I bought a package of Wordpress
themes this was one of my many small
business ideas that I had I bought a
package of Wordpress themes and then I
would just set up info Pages for like
local businesses and stuff because it
was really easy I have the theme so it
looks nice and I just put their info on
it put their logos on it and was like
cool
m is what it is it was it was uh it was
simple it was easy it was good it was
fantastic at the time it was exactly
what I needed it was the best tool for
the job at the
time and I would recommend moving off of
it now let's move off this topic yeah
behold the Cyber
cab oh Tesla CEO Elon Musk part-time CEO
held an event yesterday to unveil the
company's long-promised fully autonomous
vehicles in the form of a new one not
the ones he said were fully autonomous
before the Tesla robo taxi the so-called
cyber cab currently consists of 20
apparently functional prototype Vehicles
it lacks any steering wheels or pedals
which means it would need special
authorization from Regulators despite
lacking any driver and appearing roughly
the size of a standard car it only has
two seats it also lacks a charging plug
and will apparently charge wirelessly
musk says that Tesla will launch a fully
autonomous driving in t in Texas and
California next year and that the Cyber
cab will enter production in 20 26 the
10-year anniversary of when he said full
self-driving would be available though
it could be delayed until 2027 musk also
unveiled a prototype for a driverless 20
passenger Robo van which has no official
timetable for development or production
and this is a great tweet from
2017 uh at Bor something I forget every
two or three weeks a tech guy
accidentally invents the concept of the
city
bus uh yes
the event also showed off the humanoid
Optimus robot again which musk claims
would one day be able to be a teacher
babysit your kids and be your friend uh
the Bots were shown serving drinks and
interacting with guests at the event but
these were apparently at least partially
telep piloted by human operators
following the event Tesla stock dropped
by 8% while stocks for Uber and Lyft
Rose
cool well good luck with that neat yeah
it looks better than the regular cyber
Truck Yeah well I mean that's a low bar
it's not a truck though yeah but yeah I
think it looks neat yeah two seater
though that's
um kind of a downer what's what's with
the like the like Star Wars shuttle
looking version this one on the right oh
no that's the bus yeah okay so that's
what I'm talking about then not the
Cyber cab I think the bus looks neat C
Cab just looks like a slightly different
model X as far as I can
tell it looks like between a cybertruck
and a model X this one yeah yeah it's
got kind of it's got that angled butt
yeah yeah yeah I don't mind it sure I
don't mind it looks better than the
cybertruck yeah anyway yeah good luck
everybody to the Moon dude to the moon
or through the ground stock just went
down invest now right yeah yeah not
investment
advice M1 Maxs are breaking since mid
2023 a significant number of M1 iMac
users have reported screen degradation
resulting in a pattern of horizontal
lines appearing across their displays
the issue typically crops up after a
couple years of use meaning that the
devices are out of warranty Apple has
yet to acknowledge the problem though
one user reported that the technician
they went to blamed the issue on a flex
cable powering the LCD burning out
because it has to sustain voltage of
about 50 volts at the screen's highest
brightness setting due to how the
devices are constructed fixing this
issue typically means replacing the
whole screen at a cost of around $600 to
$700 it is currently unclear whether
Apple has fixed the issue in more recent
generations of iMac and our discussion
question here is and this is this is one
that I kind of wrote is does Apple get
an adequate amount of journalistic
scrutiny because it seems like in the
last 20 years they have gone from being
covered by professional journalists to
still being covered by professional
journalists but also having cultivated a
following of fans um I think
professional journalism is I think this
is almost a different conversation it's
that a lot of professional journalism is
dying but apple is money in it anymore
Apple almost
uniquely plays the game so well at least
in the tech space of of the the sort of
the the praise for Access
model um if you if you not only it's not
and it's not even as simple as if you
say the right things about Apple you'll
get invited to Steve Jobs theater and
you'll you know attend the Keynotes or
whatever it's it's not that simple yeah
it's you have to not only say the right
things you have to be the right things
you have to you have
to what's the word I'm looking for you
you you almost have to have the right
Aura you have to that is a trending that
is
very good good job you've communicated
to the the
young you have to personify the ideal
Apple customer is what you have to do
and I um I almost wonder if that's
detrimental for apple puff them in the
long
term I I don't know if they I don't I
mean they get a lot of criticism but I
almost I like seeing seeing see all the
seeing all the better things
about iOS 18 right seeing how much
better it is I don't know if it makes me
I don't know if it makes me think that
they have heard all the things that
they're supposed to be doing and then
just weren't doing it or if they were
shut off from it and are finally hearing
it like I I don't know what it is
exactly that that made them sort of
ignore these obvious egregious glaring
issues for so long like not being able
to rearrange your your icons on your
home screen and stuff like that um yeah
but people were pointing that issue out
even when there was more Negative they
were but were those voices powerful
enough I guess is the question pretty
loud is Apple under enough scrutiny but
are they loud in the right places
remember you're not necessarily reading
a random uh discussion forum on Mac
Rumors if you're if you're a decision
maker at
Apple like the people with access the
people who can actually talk directly to
decision makers are they putting the
right amount of pressure pressure on
them cuz like I'm looking at this I'm
looking at this screen issue
right when when Asus didn't acknowledge
the SD card problem with the Ally we
weren't the only ones having meetings
with top level Executives basically
saying you guys need to do this yeah I
don't know if anybody holds that kind of
power over apple and I don't think Apple
wants that oh they definitely don't but
will that be but will that be damaging
to them in the longer term is the
question that I'm asking I have a hard
time believing honestly any company
wants that I feel like most companies
will comply with that to try
to uh soften the blow I actually
disagree um and no company is is
monolithic but there are certainly ones
that I've encountered that value
criticism okay at a high level I think
what I was pointing out was the the
public nature of a lot of the criticism
that happened around Asus I don't think
anybody wants that
no I don't think anybody wants a media
Firestorm necessarily but I think that
um I do definitely think there are
companies that really want measured good
accurate constructive criticism
definitely there are there are quite a
few companies that like I don't know if
Apple does pay money to have that let
alone just want it CMD Kini says who
says Apple isn't adequately addressing
the issue well they haven't acknowledged
it that's step one of addressing the
issue and apple has a long history of
yeah they they have long history of
ignoring things so hard uh hoping that
they'll go away only to finally
acknowledge them only if they if they
get enough backlash um butterfly
keyboard for example bump gate on the
the older Mac books like this is not
this not a new thing let's let's not
pretend
um you're holding it wrong yeah yeah
exactly verdict one um that's about it
Fisker
can't sell its cars due to server issues
rof this is such a cautionary tale and
we should all listen extremely intently
for the next 2
minutes as part of its bankruptcy
procceedings EV company Fisker has been
attempting to liquidate its Assets in
order to payback creditors in June
rental company American lease agreed to
purchase fisker's remaining 3,300
vehicles for 46 3
million as of last week American lease
had paid 42.5 million and had accepted
delivery of a third of the
vehicles last Friday Fisker revealed
that they couldn't transfer the
vehicle's Cloud link to another
company's servers due to an underlying
technical issue it is unclear how long
Fisker knew about this problem prior to
informing American
lease I wonder know what that issue is
it doesn't matter like it's a bankruptcy
thing so just give them the servers the
point is well not necessarily because
not every car will be owned by American
lease there are still end users out
there so it could be a privacy issue it
could be anything could be a technical
issue it could be a contractual issue we
don't
know because American lease would
struggle to run the fleet of vehicles
without the cloud-based features the
company has filed an emergency objection
to fisker's liquidation plan the doj has
filed its own objection based on claims
that Fisker has been asking owners of
their vehicles to cover the costs of
their own recall repairs Fisker also
appears to be under investigation by the
SEC but the exact focus of the
investigation is currently
unknown so here's the problem the
problem is not Fisker necessarily here
the problem is not just this car or This
Server the problem is that this
will happen to basically everything that
you own once it is reliant on
cloud-based Services absolutely
everything that you purchase because is
it really a purchase if it just stops
working when somebody rent yeah when
somebody sort of decides they don't feel
like paying for it anymore
um I forget how I started the sentence
so it doesn't matter the point is that
everything is literally one bad decision
or one key person being hit by a bus or
or one um infrastructure error away from
being a brick and this is
terrifying
yeah back to Tesla for a minute back to
every single day that goes by I like my
car more they have done a very good job
actually by and large of providing otaa
updates to their vehicles going back to
pretty much the first ones from day one
I said these things are going to be a
disaster because they keep revving the
hardware so frequently and um the the
the
ongoing overhead of supporting all of
these various uh all these various
models and all of these various
iterations of the hardware is going to
be completely untenable and they're just
going to start sort of deprecating them
and it's going to I was wrong they have
actually done overall
a pretty spectacular job in that in that
regard they've done a pretty bad job of
a lot of other things but that I got to
give credit but that doesn't mean that I
was overall wrong about that problem and
Fisker is anyone who bought a Fisker or
um 3,300
fiskers is going to is is finding that
out the hard way and I'm just I don't
know what to do
what do we do Luke help
me I want to say vote with your wallet
but like what what can you
even how many cars even are there that
aren't basically susceptible to a
similar issue like this right now that
you would buy new yeah this I wrote this
in the uh in the topic doc um this is
and applied to basically every car yeah
for prep for this one I'd love to have a
list of car brands that existed in the
9s and don't exist anymore if you think
your car company is going to last and
this won't be a problem you are
literally wrong Pontiac yeah there's
one uh Mercury yeah nice um is Saturn
still around nope speaking of
planet-based car company I know right
Sab Saab yeah yeah
cion not '90s but DeLorean yeah
Oldsmobile
yeah a lot of these were bought out by
other companies but that's sort of
what's Happening Here Suzuki pulled out
of Canada um
yeah datson Deo
yep a lot of companies yep I mean some
of them have like still exist but have
changed ownership like multiple times
like jaguar is not a British um car
manufacturer uh who has owned Jaguar I
thought they were like Australian or
something they became nationalized ized
in 1975 due to financial difficulties no
no they were British uh but in 1984 uh
it became its own company again Ford
Motors purchased them in 1999 and then
Land Rover in 2000 selling both to Tata
Motors in 2008 where's Tata uh India I
think okay was it an Australian movie
where they talk about it then or
something there was there was something
I don't I don't remember
anyways yeah yeah Tata is based in
Mumbai wild though right AMC there's
another one um Holden was apparently the
uh the Australian one a lot of these
were bought
yeah all right what else we got is there
good news Plymouth is there good news
behold Nintendo's
alarmo on Wednesday Nintendo announced
new hardware that has spent 10 years
developing a $100 alarm clock called
alarm Mo alarmo has an optional motion
detection feature and will make game
sounds when its user moves users can use
gestures to enable snooze on their alarm
and turn it off simply by getting out of
bed it likewise tracks the user sleep
Nintendo suggests not using the motion
tracking feature if you sleep with
another
person tell me the product is only for
forever alans without telling me that in
addition to this announcement probably
KES Nintendo has published a four-part
interview with the clocks
developers
oh
um discussion question does Nintendo not
understand what people want from them or
is there actually a huge untapped market
for Nintendo themed alarm clocks that
you can't use if you have a
girlfriend I I I just saw this and I was
like what like Nintendo has made all
kinds of things over the years
especially if you go back to their pre
video game days like they're they're an
old company and playing cards yeah they
they they've created some utterly
unbelievable products but this one I'm
just
like why who was asking for this like I
could I could I could see if it was a
switch dock or something switch do with
buil-in clock I don't I don't know
they've been interested there's a
there's an addon think you can get for
Pokemon go that tracks your sleep
there's a game called Pokemon
sleep um and now they have this they've
been really into sleep stuff for
actually a long time this isn't their
only thing right now that
um deals with sleep elardo says I love
Nintendo because they do their own thing
without paying attention to Trends
sometimes you get the switch sometimes
you get this yeah you got to diversify
what the I just yeah I mean yeah maybe
we should maybe we should do an alarm
clock like I just
it it just feels so Random why don't you
want the sleep motion tracking of all of
your employees in the line of
town what make sure you make sure
everyone goes to bed on time it's good
it'll only work if you sleep with
somebody else it'll only work it we need
more members of the line of absolutely
oh my goodness you we're not doing lonus
Town even if I had the money I wouldn't
spend it on lonus town that would be
embarrassing that would actually be like
cringe worly
narcissistic yeah but we all want more
so than everything else
yes they're going to back me up on this
one they hate agreeing with me but guys
come on it's it's almost to the point
it's almost to the point where it's
annoying to type in our website domains
CU they all start with either lonus or L
every single one of them searching for
your name on documents they don't
or is is like
impossible float plane you can use that
against me the one
that oh well LTT store LTT Labs
blindness Media Group Creator Warehouse
Creator warehouse.com boom short lin.com
weird it seems like it redirected to
something well it seems like found a way
boom got him yeah float plane.com let's
go yeah oh look at this video coming
young people try Windows XP oh that's
actually kind of cool yeah that's uh the
question we set out to answer is is
Windows XP actually as goated as the
people who remember it think it is yes
yes you may be disappointed I don't care
okay well wrong Windows Windows 7 goat
well
yeah yeah but Windows XP is we'll see
Windows XP was better because you can
rightclick something and it uses it as a
click instead of having to left click
and then right click that is actually
the best thing the problem with the
wrong opinions about the people that are
going to be in this video um is
that they are valuing convenience over
quality you are making a lot of
assumptions about these people there's
only one there's only one settings
application for the whole computer
instead of two that are split and then
one of them opens another one and some
of the settings are in one but they're
also in another one but they probably
won't have to open on Windows 11 so
they'll think that's better
I'm just waiting for Windows
12 Intel has unveiled AOL Lake their new
core Ultra 200s series
CPUs also known as aerol Lake s um have
been announced and sales and pre-orders
will begin on October
24th for about the same price as 14th
gen core chips you'll be getting par
performance asterisk at about half the
power consumption of course you'll need
to buy a new z890 motherboard since
since a lake s needs the new LGA 1851
socket and also z89 boards do not
support ddr4 so you'll probably need
some new Ram also the performance isn't
quite the same team blue admits the
geoman of the gaming performance of the
flagship core Ultra 9 285k is actually
5% less than the 14900 K but they do
claim an 8% increase in single threaded
performance and 15% in multi-threaded
workloads compared to 14th gen oh and
they have npus but they're not good
enough for co-pilot plus
so
nice so our discussion question is if
the performance was identical to 14th
gen at half the power
consumption would anyone find these
chips worth the
upgrade upgrade I don't know I think
happy about a new purchase definitely I
think we are long past upgrading from
the last generation product I think
we've been long past for a long time in
my opinion and I I think we've probably
beat this horse enough talking about the
latest iPhones and there was something
else that came out recently that I was
like yeah I mean I don't think that's
necessarily true of everything I think
on the GPU side we should expect a
generational upgrade for how Bloody long
we wait for a new generation of product
that's fair you don't wait as long for
CPU though I think also it's very likely
that a lot of the people watching the
show right now um either don't pay for
their own power or have relatively cheap
power There Are Places
L Euro audience yeah there's there's
quite a few places in the world where
power costs are like a huge Factor um so
you might not care about it but someone
else might but that might just mean this
might not be for you this product might
not be for you you already have a CP
that's pretty
good is probably not for you um assuming
your power costs are also either not way
too high or you don't pay for it um I
didn't I didn't n Fleming I didn't I
didn't mean every one watching
yeah just a in other breaking news yes
piracy does cause a drop in revenue for
games a peer reviewed study I really
don't agree with this study here we go
putting that out there a peer-reviewed
study compared games with denuvo DRM and
found that games where a crack was
available at launch suffered an average
loss of 19% of legitimate sales in those
early weeks compared to games where no
crack was available how do you measure
that however pirate resulted in nearly
zero mean total revenue loss when the
DRM survived for 12 or more weeks
because new sales drop off quickly after
the first few months according to the
study there was no apparent connection
between the type of game and its
likelihood of getting cracked earlier or
later discussion question here is should
game Publishers consider ditching DRM a
few months post launch hey what would
you think of that Luke it's an
interesting idea launch DRM yeah and
then okay you know it's going to be
cheaper now anyway so if you're not
desperate to play it immediately anyway
then uh we can just screw off and take
our hooks out of your konel or
whatever I actually kind of love that
it's an interesting interesting way to
go for
sure I want to see I I really want to
know who funded the
study I want to know if it's time for
wine after Dark
Dan I I thought you were asking Luke no
I'm not I'm asking Dan I think it should
be looks like get out of here soon
yeah I will push the button and then I
will push these other
buttons there's a lot of
buttons which one is it well they say
nothing was a problem which is what it
is sorry here's the um Declaration of
competing interest what what is up with
the the capitalization on the word
credit I don't
know Declaration of the authors declare
they have
no that means so much
okay all
right
okay make of it what you will you can
like it or not like it or believe it or
not believe it
um I don't think anyone's ever going to
agree no on this because by its very
definition it cannot be measured no
um cuz you're you're talking about
different games now it's like there's so
many variables involved with that there
are so many variables what if that game
just wasn't going to sell as much there
are a lot of variables
like and you we we know that our ability
to predict that is not perfect or else
certain games wouldn't be
made I don't know
how about some merch message has do it
I've been loving my hat and as if the
person who did the study is a developer
who made a
game so
like I'm not saying it makes them bias
but I think just having a statement that
says like we're definitely not is also
not necessarily Fair anyways what if you
just have no DRM and then understand
that the people who pirate your game are
not going to be the people that
purchased it and there will be some
probably Netflix didn't lose $2 billion
doar in Revenue because of account
sharing that was never their money
anyway merch messages I've been loving
my hat and as a theater Tech I'm sure
I'll get a lot of use from a blank black
tea question for LL and D did any of you
guys see the Northern Lights last night
uh no we we had a we had a solar event a
little while ago like I mean a few
months ago I guess I don't remember
exactly when it was but um I I saw
people posting pictures of it and I was
like wow that looks really cool and then
I went and I looked at it in person I
was like oh and I pointed my phone
camera at it and I was like oh wow sure
looks a lot better in pictures I
probably could have just looked at this
in pictures and it actually would have
been
better so that's kind of where I'm at on
looking at the Northern Lights at least
this far south this far south it's like
kind of a problem they're usually kind
of crap um if you're in uh places in
Alberta and stuff there's some there's
some pretty cool spots cat it but yeah
I'm looking through this person's like
personal blog and they actually seem
pretty cool but I maintain that I don't
think it can be properly
measured
okay yes it can't be properly measured
but I also think it's naive to say that
every person who pirated wasn't going to
buy it oh absolutely you're definitely
losing some amount 20% there's like no
way I think measuring it is basically
impossible I think we can agree on that
yeah I I really don't think 20% is
that's that's got to be way too high I
don't even think 20% of Gamers would
know how to Pirate
it that I don't know about
necessarily and it's probably changed a
lot over the over the years that's why
like I would I would think 20% of PC
gamers in the mid 2000s probably could
figure out how to Pirate a game yes now
yeah I don't know and it it could be
very genre dependent as well like if
you've got a game that like is super
appealing to like Tech heads and
Engineering Source you like a Kerbal
Space Program or you've like a
satisfactory or something like that I
would say piracy is more of a threat
than if you've got like a hyper casual
fall guys you know um assuming we don't
need the online whatl blah blah blah but
like that type of a game yeah like
something more more
casual interesting okay let's move on
yeah I don't feel like arguing about it
why is it okay that Nvidia locks down
every setting and makes everything close
Source but it's a problem when Apple
does the same thing do you see the value
of Apple's Walled Garden as safer when
did I ever seem like I was super chill
with nvidia's approach we've negatively
pointed this out like a trillion times
and a lot of people do people dunk on
that constantly especially when it comes
to their Linux support I have I have
talked multiple times on this show I'm
going to say many times on this show
about the fact that Nvidia and apple do
not work together on anything they do
not work together at all do you know why
because there is no room that is large
enough to fit two penises that
big there's no room for them to swing
them around so they just don't do
it won't work can't work they used to
there used to be Nvidia gpus in MacBooks
think about it what happened
bump gate happened and neither of them
could admit any kind of failure to each
other to the
public and that was it they never worked
together again it was that
simple hello lonus they're they both
they both have just a spectacularly
arrogant way of doing business um
yeah and no it's not good when either of
them does it they're they're different
in their approaches um I think Apple's
is far more anti- consumer like directly
to their C to their customers uh but I
mean I guess Invidia is is anti their
their purchasers of their equipment as
well it just manifests far more um
behind the scenes because you are not an
Nvidia
customer addin board partners are Nvidia
customers Solutions providers and system
integrators are Nvidia customers and
Nvidia absolutely treats them with the
exact same level of contempt that Apple
does their customers it's just way less
visible all right hello hello lonus when
purchasing your Thai cant tant were you
aware of it sibling the Audi rron GT it
has real buttons inside and no Porsche
attacks mechanically they are nearly
identical I was aware of it I didn't
like it as much um also it's really
expensive too what do you I mean it has
an Audi
tax so right no one at work drives an
Audi and I find that
very
reasonable okay where's even like the
locus Locus where's the most local Audi
dealership where's the closest one I
don't know I mean there there they exist
I mean there's defin don't see not even
a used Audi yeah I don't see very many
Audi in BC at
all yeah I don't know oh no it is it is
quite a bit less
expensive um I admittedly didn't look
that oh okay no hold on no no they just
have a sort of different model for it so
it only has one trim but then you just
add stuff to it so hold on a second if
you like add a bunch of like fancy crap
to it you can oh you can
definitely you can definitely get her
like if you want heated rear seats and
blah blah blah find Napa
leather you can oh no actually no you
cannot make it as expensive as a Tian
nope not even close so yeah you're right
it's cheaper um I went to see it I
didn't really like it and I think it's
kind of that
simple first purchase as a full-time
software engineer gearing up for the
home projects to come question for lonus
are there any videos similar to the
Intel Fab tour in the
pipeline Fab tour oh um we're going to
look at an
ISP oh yeah well that'll be sick sweet
yeah that'll be fun that's cool actually
that's awesome yeah and I think there's
like a oh man what what is what is it
again no it's like a it's it's really
interesting for some reason uh why is it
interesting yeah no it's going to be
really cool I think think it's an ISP or
a data center or something and I think
it's
um I I don't want to say what it is
exactly but it's really cool I forget
because I think I remember what it is
but I don't remember if I think I if I
remember
right if it's what I think it is it's
going to be the coolest thing ever and
if it's just a random data center or ISP
then it's still going to be really cool
there how do current gen consoles use
gddr as system why hasn't this been done
on laptops or handheld gaming devices to
increase integrated GPU memory bandwidth
that's a good question for an engineer
um I admit that I do
not I am not familiar enough with the
differences between regular DDR and gddr
enough to tell you why it works fine for
a console and why it doesn't work fine
for a computer uh my understanding and
there there have been computers that do
use gdd R memory there was that weird um
I forget the brand but that weird like
China only console PC that did use gddr
uh We've also seen like like these
bizarre um like Frankenstein console
boards that uh you can like install
Windows on and stuff and they are
definitely using gddr um my
understanding is it just comes down to
that DDR has better latency which is
better for running an operating system
and G gdr has better bandwidth excuse me
better bandwidth which is better for
graphics where throughput is the most
important thing and these console
operating systems are optimized so that
they don't have as many sort of random
processes running so there's there's not
as much of a hit from having higher
latency but beyond that I couldn't tell
you and I I I I have to admit I don't
really understand why as we make our way
into you know dddr 6X um why the latency
might not be good enough to use as your
system memory as well I mean apple is
clearly using shared system memory
although in that case um are they using
are they using HPM I can't I actually
can't remember off the top of my head
right now uh M3 Mac memory type no I
think it's just is it
DDR why can't I remember right now help
me LP DDR 5x yeah okay so it's it's not
gddr so Apple clearly uses regular DDR
as GPU memory and consoles clearly use
gddr as system
memory ask the
engineers trying again since we ran out
of time last week what is one regulation
in your industry that you'd like to
change or remove and maybe one that you
would like to
add in my industry a
regulation that I'd like to change and
remove I hate I hate zoning regul
ations I think they suck I think that if
you are you know building something
tasteful and safe and um I don't think
all zoning sucks mixed residential
business mixed residential business yeah
but I don't necessarily want like uh
highly polluting factories in
residential areas yeah yeah for sure no
there not all zoning sucks there's value
to zoning but I am most zoning on the
other hand yeah terrible Downer okay uh
I think the one that I would want to get
rid of is the I don't remember what it
is but there's some type of claim or
something that you can put on a YouTube
video where you end up getting people's
person identifiable
information really if you want to fight
it oh yeah that's pretty gross yeah it's
a problem like I think some vtuber was
going through this recently or something
where uh people are putting some form of
claim against their account uh because
if they want to fight that claim they
have to give them their information and
they don't want to be publicly
identifiable they the whole reason why
they're a vtuber so they can't fight the
claim that's super icky yeah it's
gross um I mean even for us like you
don't necessarily want to give
them personal
information iron Mouse and fake
copyright claim to get personal info
yeah yeah some article I was reading the
other
day yeah it's gross don't do that be
yeah that's junky John vuck from Prairie
does your interaction or relationship
with Taran change after hiring him if
taran's no longer working with lmg where
will you find a new CEO who will you
trust for such a position
um no I don't think that our
relationship has changed much we do
periodic check-ins where I'm just like
hey how you doing more often sorry you
talk more often yeah yeah yeah we talk
more um but like I would say that the
way we interact changes or has changed
he's still extremely brutally honest
with me I'm still extremely brutally
honest with him uh he made an off-hand
comment um I I sent a follow-up email a
little while ago being like yeah I was
kind of cranky when he said that and he
sends me this snarky ass response that
was like yeah I can tell when you're
sending emails and I'm just like yeah
okay so we're good still
so yeah it seems fine um as for you know
where would I find a new CEO who would I
trust for such a position I have no idea
I um I I think he has pretty good job
security at this point not because
everything he does is perfect but
because uh you know he has the room as
far as you know I'm concern still um I I
don't agree with everything he does I
mean I've talked about that a fair bit
on the show recently but I do support
what he does it's that we were talking
about it earlier in the show right um I
don't remember the not with thought
about Teran specifically um but it was
like the whole buyin thing yeah you
don't necess have to agree but we're on
the same ship y y
um I who would I trust I mean if he
resigned um I'd probably have to step in
until such time as we could find someone
else and I have no idea what that
process would even look like I have no
experience hiring CEOs um other than
just like oh yeah this guy was able to
like deal with my Bullit once he should
probably able to do it
again that was the process last time
yeah I
know hey guys at Luke as a 3D artist I
look for stretched Textures in games to
see if the developers put effort into
their game does your profession help you
in any way judge how good something is
in games or otherwise dude I have such a
hard time enjoying certain forms of
media now especially YouTube
because interesting yeah when I see
something that is meant to look like a
casual conversation between people oh
drives me nuts dude but I can tell that
it was filmed from four different angles
on three different days not going to lie
I get this with you guys sometimes we
don't try to hide it dude that that
might be why yeah we don't we don't try
to hide it for a long time there I don't
even know if I could Define the era but
you were making videos
in a way that I think you didn't want to
or something I don't know how I would
even Define it and I could tell and I
don't think like almost anyone else
could tell but I could tell and it
honestly made them
unwatchable I couldn't watch any of it
cuz I was just like I know for a fact he
doesn't want to do this and that just I
don't know that threw me off I don't
even remember for me it makes me a
little bit more sympathetic
to uh certain software issues and also
significantly more critical of other
ones cuz when like you know how little
work it was yeah to to or I know that it
was a decision right yep and that'll
drive me nuts too sure or I'll or I'll
be able to tell you know like somebody
just did felt like not doing it so they
convinced someone else on the team or
something that it like wasn't possible
or whatever and it's just like oh I
think part of what ruins stuff for me is
the people that I'm surrounded with like
Brandon Lee used to work here as a
camera op editor before that mostly
camera guy
um so you know we're having like a
cinematography discussion right and um
then it kind of shifts into like there's
you know and he's telling me like look
like as a cinematographer there's
certain types of formats I just can't
watch and I was like well what do you
mean he's like sitcoms I'm like what why
can't you watch a sitcom like who cares
they make funny joke guy walks in room
everyone laughs you know like all the
tropes right and he's like the laugh
track actually you know on that anything
with a laugh track I can't I can't watch
it and then he has me watch this um this
edit of The Big Bang Theory without the
laugh track it's so rough dude
it's and that was that was a show that
at least the first few seasons I thought
were I thought were pretty funny um they
it was it was pretty light entertainment
for me like it was the kind of thing
that I would watch while like bouncing
the baby to sleep it wasn't like you
know my my attention was super focused
on it but I enjoyed it and uh and after
that I just I I couldn't look at it the
same
I I just I couldn't enjoy it at all you
know they're all standing there silently
yeah completely so so part of it is just
like the it's it's not necessarily
working in the industry that ruins
something for me but it's like the the
the professionals that I'm surrounded by
and sort of their own their influence
um yeah totally ruined I I don't think
I've watched a sitcom since then yeah
yeah I watch an edit of Death Note with
all the inner monologues
removed that was
awful just
ridiculous but yeah there there there'll
be like I I I think honestly if anything
it makes me appreciate my developers a
lot cuz I'll look at other sites and
services use it and then be like uh and
then look up like how many developers
does this company have and be like okay
we're doing pretty good
[Applause]
yeah I don't know uh teams Microsoft
teams I always I always give you a pat
on the back when Luke is feeling
bad helps cheer them up a little bit or
makes you hate teams more I don't know
which one it is why why does it not
highlight your box when you are talking
in a
call why are you making everyone go is
my mic working you should be able to
tell cuz it should highlight just like
it does for everyone else that is the
worst feature decision in the world why
can't I schedule a message to a group
chat that I just created why can't I do
that why is that a limitation why does
that possibly exist you could make an I
do that in everything else that has
schedule if this was a free app you
could make an argument that it's an
anti-spam feature discord's better but
teams is a paid app teams for the
workplace is a paid app nobody is
joining an
organization to create groups and spam
it and if they are then that
organization has some to Fig figure
out as I regain control I would like to
reiterate that Microsoft if you have any
interest I would be very happy to
consult on making teams better I will do
it for free I might have an in on that
I'll see what I can do we might not even
keep using teams um and I even if we
stop using teams in the hopes of making
it better for all of the rest of the
people in the world that have to use
your app um I would love to consult for
free on making better there are
objective and Incredibly easy things
that you can do that would make it a way
better experience for literally
everyone cool
nice nice so many people have to use
your
software for Luke imagine you're hired
as an AI researcher once you sign an NDA
they show you an incredible humanlike
AGI or maybe they're just hazing you
what's the craziest Advance you'd
[Music]
believe what's the craziest advance I
would
believe like craziest level that they
had gotten to that had been hidden from
the public and I'm now told is that what
they mean yeah let's get that yeah I
think that's
exactly uh I I think a advancement of
what we currently have I don't I would
not believe AGI I would be I would be um
you know the first time I ever saw a
mineral oil computer I traced the
monitor cable to the monitor cuz I
didn't believe it I would be doing stuff
like that you know trying to figure out
what are you what are you doing is there
is there a person in the box of this
Mechanical Turk um but uh if it was like
a you know the the tasking thing that
they have now if they had a version of
that that was just like very
unrestrained didn't have token limits
stuff like that was was able to pull on
resources way more heavily I would
believe that I think the the great I
wasn't asked but I think the the best
Advanced that i' believe is near real
time latency cuz right now that's a
that's a huge like I think that's a huge
impediment to making these things
believable the tasking how how long
everything takes to
respond like it it makes
the it's not okay think back to when we
were hosting the W show remotely mhm
during Co oh I see even just the the you
know 40 millisecond of a video call 50
milliseconds of a video call is enough
that our interaction is not natural is
it fair if it uses some form of like
filler or if it reframes partway through
in the same way that humans do like what
if it h what if it does stuff like that
that's the best that I could believe
right now is if they could nail down the
latency but it would still like say
weird stuff and hallucinate and stuff
like I don't think we're I don't think
we're close to fixing that
mhm I I was wondering why all of the
underwear are out of stock and say
they're not coming back does this mean
you guys are getting out of the
underwear business or is it something
new is coming uh we have issues with our
supplier yet
again at what point do you become the
supplier we can't I mean we can't we're
not a like Fabric
Mill no is
answer I bet we could make textiles in l
no build
it bu it no don't do that no no we don't
we don't it's going to happen sometimes
we just we're having a surprising amount
of them at the moment but like I don't
know it's
[Laughter]
fine tying in from the Creator Warehouse
team up in float plane chat here
no isn't an answer holy moly Luke well
played we're going to find a solution it
just isn't going to be to become a
textile mill that's
all and it will take some
time yeah we are not dependent on our
ability to produce and sell underwear so
we'll be fine we have
time okay could just buy shirts and cut
them
up the more the more tall shirts you buy
the better looks so turn those into
underwear yeah not a bad solution really
not a bad solution yeah okay oh man we I
even know what the name of the company
could be
LTT textile tips yeah
nice nice another domain that starts
with limes I'm just trying to help you
out it's good thank you yeah we need to
own all of
them I actually have a problem because I
often use shorthand to get to domains
nice so like Gmail right I'm not typing
Gmail just GM enter yeah I can't do that
with ours drives me crazy just just set
up our set up our shortener our lmg Dogg
just make yourself some
like had affiliate store add affiliate
links Forum I mean you your team
controls like our DNS settings and
everything so you could just add some
like custom resolving rules and just oh
yeah we could do that for the whole
company yeah if you just typed it if you
just like typed FP into a browser bar
you I will do that right
now this just sounds like you're not
trying hard enough to solve it I I tried
to say no was the answer that's my bad
yep yeah way to go oops this is not how
you lead
Luke your team is looking down on you I
got work to do hi LDL how's the bike
painting coming I'm interested in doing
a custom paint job on my carhood do you
have any tips for someone getting into
auto body painting game into the auto
body game
car paint
um
don't unless you have many many hours
and many hundreds of dollars to invest
in it just stay
out so close I L did at the end I'm
sorry um when is the last time you
bought your wife flowers lonus um what
she always tells me that they're um not
good use of money she is the perfect
woman Lego flowers she likes the Lego
flowers I think she does like Lego
flowers um last time I bought my way
flowers um I'm trying to think I I
bought her something random she likes
ohenry bars I got her an oh Henry bar a
couple weeks
ago that's what she likes what did no I
I wasn't smiling cuz I thought it was
like rule number one is actually listen
and actually get them what they actually
like that's rule number one
yeah I smiling cuz it was cute not cuz
it was bad yeah it was
adorable lus when you could start
driving what safety measures and rules
will you implement Android auto carplay
only new car with loads of smart safety
features or an old clunker does little
man get to drive the Porsche oh
absolutely not yeah you got to be
kidding me the first thing I did when I
started driving was I like hit a pillar
in a parking lot like
there's there yeah there's no way um
I've never hit anything yet no I think
if he has I think if he has a big date
then I don't see why not but like the
flip side of it is you got to prove some
responsible driving before then yeah and
the flip side of it is like if she's the
kind of girl who's impressed by that is
she the kind of girl that um you want
around likes you for you yeah you know
yeah
so I don't know dude and and like and
it's one of those things it's like do I
want to encourage you know putting on
airs that's not his
car I wouldn't tell him not to rent a
nice car to impress a girl but borrowing
your dad's car is not like you haven't
actually done
anything really you wouldn't I'm
actually surprised you wouldn't tell
them not to rent a nice car to impress a
girl that does not seem like a lism
actually um I okay I wouldn't not allow
it I guess like like and it's not up to
me anyway yeah right like for sure um
and remember rent a nice car to impress
a girl can mean rent a limo for a prom
that's renting a nice car okay it might
impress her like I'm just I'm just
saying there there's context where him
actually doing something because
remember the thing that's impressive is
the effort right and so if you're trying
to impress her with your effort which is
the thing that I would hope she would be
valuing about it right because we aren't
all just materialistic here um then you
have to actually put in the effort and
being like hey Dad can I have the keys
is not effort so I would never say don't
make an effort yeah but borrowing my car
isn't effort yeah working hard and
mowing lawns and renting a cool car for
a date is effort unless he had to do
those things in order to borrow your
car
um but then maybe he could get a cooler
car by my
car I or maybe yeah I don't know it just
seems it it just seems lame it seems
lame I have so many additional questions
I want to ask but they're information
that should not end up on the stream so
I'm going to leave it there like how
long until this is going to be a thing
and uh stuff like that which we
shouldn't go into till what's going to
be a
thing he's driving oh I mean a while
like I would expect him to get his
license right when he is of age that's
apparently not a thing anymore have you
heard about that that's interesting I
have some pretty strong feelings about
that that might not be popular
um I I see driving as a fundamental life
skill um I I see it as being just an
important part of being a competent
adult your insurance gets cheaper the
longer you have your license so scared
that we would have uh differing opinions
Oh I thought you were going to take the
nah driving's not necessary and I would
have just left
and all the Goodwill
gone okay goodbye and there's a lot of
places in the world where you might
never use the skill or certainly not
often but then just in case you do your
insurance is super cheap look I don't
agree with my mother about everything
but you know when she was when she was
convincing me to learn to drive stick um
and I don't necessarily think that most
people need to learn stick anymore there
were a lot more stick shift cars back in
the early 2000 2000s than there are
today uh but when she was convincing me
that I needed to learn to drive stick a
manual transmission with the shifter um
her ration now for it was you don't know
where you're going to be and what the
Situation's going to be when there's an
emergency if the driver is incapacitated
for some reason and we need to get to
the hospital now you need to be able to
drive you need to be able to drive any
vehicle and you need to be ready for it
you don't need to be the most practiced
operator of the thing but you damn well
need to know how to do it and um I kind
of carried that with me I I agree I
strongly agree um and I think that even
if you will probably never drive you
should learn to drive yeah uh ver TIG
one said being able to drive isn't the
same thing as having a license I do
agree with that but I don't think at
least here getting a license is not that
big of a step and the potential benefits
behind it are really big like oh if you
do need a car for whatever reason uh
your insurance is way cheaper the
ability to upgrade your license in case
you need to have an upgraded license for
a certain line of work that you might
need to do yeah it opens up so many work
possibilities keeping yourself Limited
in that way and making it so that if you
do need it it's going to be very
expensive um just seems really oddly
shortsighted for something that is not
that big of a barrier are you always
going to live in a super walkable City
maybe you want to move I don't yeah it's
it's the arguments look at the cost of
housing and stuff lately like you're
probably going to move at some point and
it's one of those things where not not
everybody is in a life situation where
they're able to right yeah and the
barrier might be too high and the
barrier might be too high they might not
have access to a vehicle they might not
have someone to teach them they might
have a physical disability I I don't
know everyone's life situation is there
but if you have the opportunity and
you're just like F I
disagree yeah yeah like I I knew people
that didn't have access to a vehicle in
order to take their test and that was a
pretty big barrier some of them still
got over it by like you know paying a
friend to borrow theirs which is kind of
sketchy to be clear oh yeah um or or
other various options I think there's
also places where you can you can rent a
car but then renting a car is really
expensive um and I think as far as my
understanding goes it's even more
expensive when you're renting it for
that reason um there's like there's lots
of different reasons why it might not
make sense but the dip in people getting
their licenses does not match um those
reasons being more legitimate you know
what I mean like that it doesn't follow
that line so Arbiter K I don't know if
this is true but Arbiter Cas says Gavin
Free of slow-mo guys fame is in his 30s
and does not have a driver's license
that actually blows my mind um I will
say that Gavin who um I have met
um is in a life situation where he
doesn't need to drive himself anywhere
so that's something um you are not
just get it just get it just get
it oh my goodness that's uh I I don't
know if that's true anyway though UK
licensing is it's a very hard test oh
yeah we would be put to
shame I mean that's not too
surprising uh hello hello and be clear
there's lots of cities that I wouldn't
drive in even though I do know how to
drive like there's there's places I've
been that I'm just like this is
terrifying crazy y so there's that as
well mm there's also places where like
if you have an international driver's
license you're allowed to drive but like
the road laws are so different that you
just probably shouldn't yeah I wouldn't
even consider driving in like uh an a
metropolitan City in like India yeah
wouldn't even begin to consider it not
not even the rules of the road just the
styles of driving are so different so
different my
goodness yeah hello lldd I'm a power
sports student who was told to buy a
quality ratcheting
screwdriver Power Sports um motorport
okay yeah uh lonus has there been any
consideration towards motorcycle riding
when designing any products on the store
I'd say the only one is the backpack and
the only consideration really was that
it would fit over like my shoulder pads
um on my riding jacket and that uh the
Carabiner zipper pulls
were because a I thought they were kind
of cool I saw them somewhere and I
thought they were cool and B because I
uh would ride with my rackets my
badminton rackets sticking out of the
bag and so I needed a zipper system that
would hold but not come apart yeah um
but hold but not close completely M um
yeah that's about it good evening Daniel
Lucas and Sebastian I'm looking to get
into swimming as my exercise routine my
name oh it is now sorry I keep going
curious as to how that is going for you
and any tick on getting started um it
was great this summer like I actually
like got boobs and my cardio is way
better um I've switched over to beats
saer now that the weather sucks and I am
looking forward to swimming again um
next
year the only tip I can give you is do
it you coward uh it's it's so hard to
get motivated to get to the pool even
when it's in my back yard it's still
hard to like go get changed and like get
in the water but once you get going it's
um yeah the the relatively long drive to
my gym sucks um but the gym that's
closer to my house is way overpopulated
to the point where if I wanted to do the
same workout that I do at the gym that I
go to it would take uh sometimes up to
four times as long to the point where in
a three-hour period I might not be able
to get enough time on each one of the
machines to even finish my workout that
I can do in an hour at the other gym
it's not even worth it I have to drive
um the other thing I would say is if you
don't want to pull a me and get an ear
infection if you're going to be swimming
all the time maybe get earplugs or
something they're pretty cheap I bought
some like Nike ones and they were like
$9 or something $10 $12 somewhere around
there and last one I've got for you
today hi dll what features are in the
works for float plane and are there any
features that you would like to
implement what kinds of things does the
team do for the other companies that's a
lot of questions whoa uh could you give
us a product road map and uh also a
business proposal for the quarter
quarterly Business review for what the
what's your Q5 looking
like ah yeah honestly each one of those
I could
make a whole show about um wow the road
map I'm not giving you um because I have
learned my lesson on that and if we make
any change of decision or do anything
whatsoever to alter it you'll say you
won't be mad people will go freaking
nuclear uh you go AP we're working on
stuff and it's good yep and people are
going to be happy and it is what it is
we don't have like you know the the
agility or the speed that some notably
larger teams have we don't have feature
parody with things like YouTube and
twitch and stuff like that and that just
is what it is we don't have the the
developer base we don't have the armies
of developers to do stuff like that and
that's okay we still have cool things uh
I think FL plane is is good and we're
going to keep doing good stuff and it
does feel like over time we are trending
to getting closer to them which I find
interesting um and cool so it's getting
it's getting better over time which is
good so I'll say that uh in regards to
other things that the team does um that
has slowly shifted into more dedicated
positions than it originally was so you
have people like uh Conrad doing things
for LTD store technically the float
plane team encompasses the lab's web
team so the lab's website is technically
on the float plane team um oh did we
ever talk about the changes to I don't
even think Labs on the uh on the show I
don't even think you've seen them all
them all have you seen them all when's
the last time you use a site uh uh when
I saw us tweet about it tweet about what
about the new layout and stuff oh have
you seen the page layout though not this
have you seen the layout changes to the
actual product pages have you seen this
yeah where it like animates the hardware
notes thing on the left hand side and
stuff yeah see when it IT loads the next
thing it's like yeah yeah yeah I came on
when when we tweeted about it I found
out about it in a tweet which is
hilarious honest I didn't even know we
tweeted about it oh yeah okay yeah they
were like hey come check out the uh I
think it's awesome I think it looks
great I think it's really awesome looks
super pro
yeah um I will I will yet again not
publicly say the the road map but there
is uh something that we're looking into
working on right now which I think
people will like a lot and it's in the
spirit of some of the redesigns we've
done to the to the front page and the
product pages and honestly I I think
it's really sharp um I think some of the
the work that's been done there has been
really really good oops I clicked the
wrong
link are we fans of fanless power
supplies this is actually pretty cool um
they looked at some articles we've been
doing are awesome they at Thermals and
efficiency
um the answer unless you're a liar or
stupid is almost always it's pretty much
always going to be it depends it
depends so then you got to read the rest
of the you got to read the rest of the
thing yeah yeah I I really like the the
aesthetic direction that we're taking
with the lab site right now I think the
changes that were done to the sections
of the product pages um even it might
not seem that important but even
like like this I'm going to bring up my
so where it says Hardware notes here
it's going to seem really small but just
when you scroll down having it do that
makes the page feel a lot nicer in my
opinion yeah so as you're going through
we used to have all the sections
automatically minimized they don't do
that anymore um which I think is better
um it has that little animation thing so
the page kind of feels alive I really
really like Dan's whole concept here by
other yes uh by by having all of the
like picture and Stat information on the
right and the write up stuff on the left
so it feels like and the write up stays
with you as you're scrolling through the
stat information so it's just I don't
know the flow just feels really good
um I'm I really like how the site feels
right now
um I think it's I think it's great
there's there's still work to be done we
need to work on stuff like the uh
comparison bin stuff like that
um but yeah it's really it's really
coming into its own in my
opinion so you're still interim head of
labs right sure are you applying for the
job or like am I applying for the job
I'm not applying for the I don't
audition I just work
here don't audition you take me you
don't brother we'll see you again next
week same bad time same bad Channel bye
don't audition Jesus
it's after 8 you need to go
oh I lost I lost track and I realized I
was
[Music]
tracking oh yeah